Chapter 1

Ash was jolted awake out of the deep dream she was in. She glanced at
her watch. 9:15pm. The intercontinental Dreamliner aircraft had just
landed at Arlanda International Airport, Stockholm, after cruising through
a blanket of thick fog in the last descent of the flight. It was good to be
back home. She missed her parents. After four years away from them in
San Francisco, grinding her way up the tech ladder of Silicon Valley,
maybe it was for the better she quit. More accurately, she was fired. But
really, she was tired of the job soon after it began, so her departure was a
long time coming.

Ash worked at Kopra, one of America’s most recognized and reputed
software firms, specializing in premium medical technology for the ultra-
wealthy. And its founder, Frederick Kopra, had died six months prior of old
age. This wouldn’t have been a problem, were it not for the fact that
Frederick was an obsessive, maniacal narcissist who split up the company
into cliquey, classified divisions in which information was not allowed to
flow down, only up. This left almost every employee at Kopra a de facto
contractor, with limited to no specific knowledge of the company and what
it provides behind closed doors.

In some ways this was something Ash was very fond of; there were no
bullshit office politics and testosterone fuelled hierarchical dogfights
among the men. Everyone just performed their duties and cooperated via
the relevant channels, and what most employees didn’t know, simply
wouldn’t hurt them.

But it pissed Ash off to be in the dark. She wasn’t the type of person who
enjoyed “working for the good of the colony”, if couldn’t immediately be
the queen bee, she wanted to be a recognised, disruptive force of
innovation above and beyond her peers. She needed that power. That
feeling of control was… everything.

After Frederick died, his son Gunther took over. A buffoon and errant fool,
whose lack of experience and understanding of business had bled
painfully into the balance sheets. Why was it, that after Ash secretly
installed surveillance malware on Gunther’s desktop (Via a terminal
process she discovered that didn’t require authentication) in his office,
she could not bring herself to blackmail him for the longest time? It was as
if some kind of vague, insipid morality still lingered in her gut, which held
her back from decisive action. Or maybe the problem was her courage.
Gunther needed to go. There were no two ways about it. She gave herself
a few more days to think about things.

After her many days of deliberation, she finally confronted him on his way
out of the building. As much as was expected from a Silicon Valley CEO,
she collected files of illicit accounts, payments and contacts Gunther had
procured over the prior six months. Gunther did not take to it lightly, and
fired her immediately, while in response, she happily sold the information
to a local journalist, who comprehensively, and as publicly as possible,
dragged the Chief Executive of Kopra through the mud of every county in
America. And that was that chapter of her life, closed.

She made her way through Arlanda, her heavy backpack slung over her
shoulder, with one last, forced burst of energy. She got to the baggage
carousel first. And by sheer luck, her suitcase was the first one out. A
pleasant surprise. Ash quickly traversed the customs lounge before
exiting through the underground orange-lit tunnel which led towards the
parking lot, where she’d be meeting Henrik, her uncle, who owned a small
taxi company with 10 drivers. He used to drive Ash around town when she
was younger, taking her out for ice cream and to the movies when her
parents were away on business trips. She had a soft spot for him. A
potbellied, soulful man, with a wispy white combover you could recognize
a mile away.

She stepped out into the snow, and Henrik was already waiting. He
flashed his lights, and pulled up closer.

Ash! Så trevligt att se dig! (Ash! So good to see you!) Henrik got out of the
car and gave Ash his characteristic Santa hug.


Jag har saknat dig Henrik! Tack så mycket för att du hämtade mig! (I’ve

missed you Henrik! Thanks so much for coming to pick me up!)

He hoisted up her heavy suitcase with one hand, and pulled open the car
boot with the other, before dropping it in, as well as her backpack. Ash
didn’t have much strength to talk, although Henrik seemed
understanding. She reclined in the comfortable seat and put her scarf over
her eyes to relax, for the quiet ride home to Örnevägen 12.

It was a snowy night. There wasn’t much to see, but the gentle pitter
patter of snowflakes flying over the windshield gave her the sense that
she was on the wrong side of a snow globe.

As they pulled up to her house, Ash could see Arby peeking out from the
window. He was a little bit of a chunk, a beautiful, loving ragdoll cat who
loved to play and run around, but had a tendency to over-estimate his
caloric needs after his cat walks on the treadmill.

Ash smiled, excited to cuddle Arby again. She handed Henrik some money
but he refused, so she shoved the crowns in his shirt pocket insistently as
he chuckled to himself.

Ash heaved out the heavy suitcase and backpack from the boot.
“Thanks again Henrik. I’ll see you soon!”

“Sank you little Ash. Sleep well” He replied in broken English. He was
going to master it. One day.

As she approached the front door, she could hear Arby’s meowing already.
The door swung open, Arby jumped right up into Ash’s arms and
affectionately nuzzled into her neck, meowing enthusiastically.

“Who’s a good boy! You are Arby! You’re the best boy!” she cooed,
tickling his tummy.

Ash dropped her suitcase and backpack and, still carrying Arby, went to
the guest bedroom right of the entrance. Her parents texted her they
would be back at midnight, so she still had a couple of hours to kill before
they came home. As she lay down on the silk bedsheets and put her head
on the delicate pillowcase, she felt a rush of happiness and giggled to
herself in pleasure. With Arby in her arms, Ash was overtaken by fatigue,
and drifted off to sleep.

Sometime later, she awoke. The bedside clock read 2:16am. She didn’t
quite know why, but she felt very unsettled. Arby was still lying next to
her, breathing peacefully. Trying not to wake him, she slowly slid off the
bed and went to check on her parents upstairs.

The room was immaculate and untouched, with no sign of her parents.
Her heart lurched. She went and grabbed her phone from the bedside
table and tried to call her dad. It went to voicemail. She quickly tried her
mom. Also, voicemail.

“Mom, can you please call me when you get this? Its way past midnight,
I’m starting to get worried. Please let me know where you and dad are.”

Ash decided to check Find My Friends. Both her parents were shown to be
at home. That was odd.

“Mom? Dad?” She loudly called throughout the house. No answer.

She went back downstairs, and then glimpsed her parent’s phones on top
of the book cabinet.

Both of them had several missed calls. A deep-seated fear started to set
in, she had no idea where her parents were, and wasn’t able to contact
them or trace their locations.

She went to the heavy steel door leading down into the basement, and
opened it with the key she permanently kept around her neck, before
flicking on the lights. Her parents had originally purchased the house and
block of land because of the size of the basement. It was almost like an
additional large, underground apartment that added on to the main house
above ground. They renovated it to add some more space, cutting out
large portions of rock and dirt to make room for various different tools and
pieces of equipment. It was a bit unusual in the neighbourhood, but
nobody needed to know about it anyway.

“Shit” she swore. Where to start….

Arnbjörn, affectionately known as Arnie, and Wilma Bergman were
artificial intelligence researchers working at the KTH Royal Institute of
Technology in Stockholm. They had met at that very same university
twenty-eight years previously during their postgraduate research studies
in computer science, in tutorial classes.

They were always together. Always in love. And it was love at first sight, if
there ever was one. People first saw Arnie. A 6’6 slim figure with buzzed
blond hair, a rock breaker square jaw, and piercing blue eyes. And next to
him, was the stark colour contrast of his girlfriend Wilma, who was also
quite tall at 5’10, with dark, beautiful hazel eyes and a soft, pleasant
smile, as well as silky, raven black hair which was always tied into a
ponytail.

When they both graduated their degrees, they went their separate ways
professionally, Wilma changing her direction and going to work as a
quantitative trader for an ETF trading firm, and Arnie settling into his
research at the university, working on the cutting edge of AI and robotics
engineering solutions.

One year later, one of these solutions, the ROH-Type chip, was eventually
patented as a ground breaking diagnostic tool, making Arnie the newest
celebrity in the medical field.

Meanwhile, in her year of quantitative trading, Wilma found herself
unfulfilled and disillusioned with the financial world. She no longer wanted
to stay up late at nights, constantly feeling the urge to check financial
markets on the other side of the world, double and triple checking her
analyses and trading decisions. It was gruelling and unending work, and
she felt compelled to return to her research roots.

She decided to quit trading and re-join Arnie at the university, and they
began working together on true, sentient artificial intelligence, in the
home laboratory Arnie had set up, complete with two supercomputers, 3D
printers and a cable network more elaborate than the Tokyo subway map.
Arnie and Wilma, over time, became very known in their research field,
and their laboratory at KTH, the LS-000, became an international success
story in research circles throughout Europe. Memories of the past. Ash felt
herself drifting, she shook herself awake.
She inspected the cream-coloured panelling on the walls and the blinking
lights on all the equipment. There were drawers, tables, electrical devices
and cables everywhere. She just couldn’t figure out what to look for first.
She went to one of the computers. Password protected. Obviously. While
she was used to writing malware and cracking passwords on principle, her
parents had created far more advanced encryption algorithms than she
had ever had the experience or knowledge in cracking. She’d have to look
for something. She checked her watch, 2.40am. She had the entire night
to search. She began checking every drawer and table and document she
could see.

A substantial number of drawers were locked electronically, and the ones
that were open, held nothing helpful. The papers on the tables were
administrative documents from the university. Ash sifted through them all
but found nothing out of the ordinary, they all just seemed like regular
letters and reports to and from colleagues. There was a recent printed e-
mail from a Dr Anil Wijeweera, with some printed graphics of experimental
results…alongside an invitation from a Dr Lin Peng to a department get
together at the golf club…. brochures from the university… random
budgets and graphs… some folders containing results from experimental
trials Arnie and Wilma did together…

“Of course, there’s nothing, why would I need anything to help me right
now. Sheesh….” Ash scoffed.

It was currently the very early morning of Friday the 8th of December,
2028. Then it hit her. Ash checked the email from Anil again. It was dated,
sent on the Thursday the 7th. Bingo. She knew one thing; her parents
were in the house within the last 24 hours. Wherever they were, they
could not have gone far.

She folded the printed email into her coat pocket and went upstairs,
before picking up her parent’s phones and putting them in her backpack.
She turned off the light and locked the steel door. Arby was at her feet
purring gently. There was a knocking at the front door.

“What the fuck… “ Ash gasped. She felt a surge of adrenaline. She went to
the kitchen cupboard and grabbed the steel baseball bat from inside,
before slowly tiptoeing towards the front door. She heard a man on the
phone. She knew that voice… on the doorbell camera he turned around to
show his face, it was Max Danucci, a Captain in the Stockholm Police. He
was a few years senior to her in high school. They were friends growing
up, but they drifted apart and lost contact when she left to America for a
few years ago, pursuing vague ambitions and goals she still hadn’t fully
thought about before she got there.

Max was a street wise cat. He grew up in the slums of Södermalm, and
never really knew what security and comforts were, until he fought for
them himself. Both literally and metaphorically. His by-the-balls attitude in
office politics and talent as a junior officer, led to him rapidly climbing the
leadership ranks in the police force. He jumped head first into every
challenge. What he lacked in raw academic ability, he made up for in his
street smarts and remarkably quick decision making. It was no wonder
then that, combined with his lean, athletic stature, and dark Italian curls,
he earned the nickname amongst his peers of, The Wolf of Stockholm. His
deep set, dark blue eyes narrowed at the door camera for a moment
before he looked away again, like he was focused on something in the
distance.

She opened the dead bolt on the door to let Max inside.

“How did you…” Ash began.

“Your parents have disappeared Ash. They told me you’d be arriving last
night, but this couldn’t wait until morning.” Max explained. Ash’s heart
went cold.

“I don’t understand, what are you saying?” she mumbled. Ash couldn’t
think, her mind went blurry. What the hell was happening?

“Listen Ash, your parents were involved in research which was attracting a
lot of attention. The kind of attention which can snowball into dangerous
territory pretty quickly if you don’t know how to handle it.”

Ash was trying to process.

“The police and Swedish special forces had an understanding that your
house was a high priority target to be protected at all costs, especially the
basement. Your dad organized the arrangement a couple of weeks ago.
He must have anticipated what kind of conflict his work would cause. We
just didn’t expect for him to disappear like that, without a trace. Wilma
too.”

Special forces? What the hell was this? Ash’s stomach turned. “What are
you even on about Max?” She felt weak. Sick.

“Just sit tight, let us do our thing. You have the best possible protection
right here. The house security detail was expanded tonight, more guys are
coming to set up a bigger perimeter. We will track down Arnie and Wilma
Ok?” Max hugged Ash reassuringly. “You should go rest. We’ll take it from
here.”

Ash’s energy evaporated and she could barely stand. Max opened the
door and left back to his police cruiser on the road. Ash saw silhouettes
moving along the street. She couldn’t make out any features, but they
looked like they were in camouflage, and were carrying rifles. Soldiers??
Ash couldn’t believe it. What had her parents been doing these last four
years to warrant this level of response?
Nevertheless, the soldiers gave her a feeling of calm that washed over
her. She felt secure. She shut the door and locked the dead bolt in its
place before stumbling back to the guest bedroom, Arby following closely
behind. Still in her travel clothes, Ash collapsed on the bed, snuggled up
to Arby, and let her heavy eyelids pull her into the abyss of
unconsciousness.

She was awakened by a loud phone ring. Ash picked up her phone from
the floor. It was an unknown number. Considering recent events, she
picked it up.

“Hello?”

There was a slight pause.

“Ash? Are you alright?” A smooth, masculine British accent offered. She
had absolutely no idea who it was.

“Sorry, do I know you?” Ash asked.

“I’m Bessley, ESI, European Intelligence Division. This is a secure line. I’ve
been assigned to you for Operation Indie Mind, a mission with the express
goal of recovery of Arnie and Wilma Bergman and their research assets.”
Bessley explained. “Unfortunately, things have gotten a bit out of hand, to
be sure.”

Ash flinched.

“Wow, okay Bessley listen, I haven’t been here for four years, I just
arrived last night to find my parents gone, the Police Captain suggesting
they’ve been kidnapped, and telling me there are SPECIAL FORCES
SOLDIERS assigned to guard me and my house. What the fuck is going
on?”

“Ash, I’m afraid there’s no room for pleasantries, I need to get straight to
the point. Please, try to be understanding, I apologise for the
inconvenience but this is a matter of international security and we are
going to be needing your cooperation if any of this is to succeed. Today at
midday, a man will be waiting at the Wren’s Inn in Gamla Stan, in the
centre of Stockholm. I want you to meet with him. He’s an ESI agent on
the ground with intelligence that will give you a context to what is
happening” Bessley said.

Ash was taking it all in. “Okay, I understand, do I bring anything?” she said
bleakly. Does Max know about this, she wondered…

The line went dead.
“Well, fuck you too then Bessley” She muttered under her breath.

It was 9.15am on the bedside click. she had about three hours to get
there. Arby was sitting at the bedroom window looking out at the street
again. Ash got up out of bed and went to check out what he was looking
at. The sun was out, it was still very frosty, she rubbed off some
condensation on the window. There was a young couple on the other side
of the street with a little French bulldog, talking to an older lady. The dog
had its eyes locked with Arby, but otherwise wasn’t barking or showing
aggression. Arby wasn’t showing any fear, either. They were just…
inspecting each other, with interest. The pitch-black French bulldog stood
out intensely against the snowy street, in contrast to his owners in bright
coloured puffer jackets.

Ash left Arby to his inspections and went to the kitchen to make some
coffee. She took her metal moka pot out of the cupboard and filled the
bottom compartment with water, before putting the second compartment
inside and filling it with Colombian coffee grounds. She screwed on the
cap and left it to boil.

In the meantime, she unpacked her laptop from her suitcase and checked
up on her emails. 15 percent battery, she’d get the charger later. She was
still logged into her work email account, which of course was no longer
relevant. She’d need to look for a new job sooner or later.

Ash checked the news. Some articles on political lobbying. Building works
in Östermalm on new sports centres. An international geopolitical
shitstorm after Sweden and Finland joined NATO. Living with the constant
uncertainty of a potential world-war 3 was initially a point of great stress
for Ash, but she, like so many others, got used to it over time. Life had to
go on. The puppeteers of influence continued their struggles in the hidden
echelons of society. Ironically much the same way as Kopra.

She went to change into some different clothes.

The moka pot started whistling. Half undressed, Ash went to take out a
glass from the cabinet and poured in the coffee. It instantly warmed her
hands as she held it. Such a wonderful feeling. She sipped the long black
slowly, thinking about the conversation she just had with Bessley.

There was a knock on the door. Ash jumped. She went over to the doorbell
camera; it was Max again.

As the door opened, Max got a proper look at Ash without her puffy winter
clothing. There was an air of dexterity about her smooth, feminine frame.
She wasn’t quite as tall as her mother, or imposing, and yet, Ash bore a
confident demeanour of independence you could see in every step, a
certain self-assurance not limited by doubt or insecurity. She had full,
blossom soft lips and woody brown hair, which rested evenly on her
shoulders in messy flops, from being held up in a beanie. Her innocent
hazel eyes looked up at him inquisitively, stunning as ever, and he felt his
stomach overheat. Max forgot what he wanted to say.

He fumbled.

“Oh, so sorry Ash, I didn’t realise you were… uhm….” He averted his gaze
awkwardly. “Okay, I just wanted to come say you aren’t stuck here, you
can move around if you need, its likely you aren’t in any danger, we just
need to protect the house. So feel free to go to town to forget about
things. If there’s anything you want or need, please let me know, you
have my number, right?”

He hesitated, before adding, “Maybe we can go for drinks or dinner later if
you want to catch up?”

Ash laughed. “Ahh Max, that’s really sweet, I’ll think about it, it might help
take my mind off things. I’ll let you know, I promise.”

Max smiled cheekily.

“Okay that’s great! I’ll call you later then?”

Ash nodded. Max turned to leave back to his car again, and Ash shut the
door. He didn’t bring up ESI or Bessley, did he even know about that? Ash
wasn’t sure if she was supposed to tell him. She decided to hold off for
now.

A while later, she got dressed in a few layers and finished off with a long
green down jacket and a grey cashmere beanie. It was time to head to the
hotel to meet the agent. She bent down to give Arby a hefty belly rub, as
he meowed in enthusiasm.

Ash grabbed the car keys from the front entrance cabinet, then stepped
through into the garage. She pressed the wall button to open the garage
door, before getting into her Audi RST hybrid and heading out.

On the route to the hotel, she stopped at a drive through Starbucks to get
another coffee. Another long black like the one she had earlier. Something
about the hardness in the taste just felt like it resonated with her, and
always managed to hit the right spot when she needed it most.

Ash pulled up to a street parking spot just down the road from the Wren’s
Inn. She was 8 minutes early. Ash paid for 1 hour of parking at the meter,
and made the short walk to the inn.

As she stepped inside, she noticed how supremely elegant the lobby was,
with a chic marble and cinnamon colour palette, and delicate raindrop
crystals hanging from multiple chandeliers leading towards the staircase
to the upper levels. The whole scene was quaint, reminiscent of a bucolic
Victorian ballroom, set underneath the stars on a cloudless night.

Behind the staircase was an alcove with a passage that led towards the
restaurant and the hotel reception. She could hear the tinkling of plates
and Café chatter. It sounded quite full, just like the lobby. There was a
restaurant menu on a display stand next to the stairs.

“Royal Swedish Buffet Lunch
Wednesday to Friday
11am-2pm
Limited seating
Bookings essential in advance”

“That explains the noise volume I guess…” Ash thought.

Right in the middle of the room stood a large concert grand piano,
coloured a gentle Prussian blue. It was fully unfolded, almost expectant,
inviting, someone to come play a song. In that moment Ash wished she
didn’t quit her piano lessons in high school. She barely remembered how
to play. This piano was so nice, such a shame she couldn’t make good use
of the moment.

“Miss Ash” a voice interrupted her train of thought. She turned to a young-
looking man dressed in the hotel bellhop uniform. He couldn’t have been
more than twenty.

“Allow me to escort you” he said with a cordial smile.

Was this the agent she was meeting? She wasn’t sure. There were a lot of
people around them, Ash felt a moment of panic, but decided to go with
the man to avoid drawing any unnecessary attention.

She followed him up the stairs towards the elevators, and they took a left,
before heading into a dimly lit staff office straight ahead. They stepped
inside.

The man locked the door with an electronic key and took off his hat,
before running his fingers through his oily dark hair. He had a slight sheen
of sweat visible on his reddened face. How was he sweating this much in
the middle of winter?

“My name is Waker, I work with Bessley, on ground operations here in
Stockholm. I’ll cut straight to the point. When the Global Joint Conference
on Artificial Intelligence requested your parents to share their research at
the conference in four days’ time during the event, Arnie and Wilma
rejected the request as a matter of international security. The organisers
said this was not appreciated by the investors attending the conference”
he said.
Waker’s voice was soft, but smooth. Each word composed and spoken in
perfect fluidity. He uttered only the words necessary for his message, not
a syllable more.

“Our intelligence suggests a small group of Chinese investors attending
the conference took particular umbrage at your parent’s secrecy, and
sought for your parents to be reprimanded for withholding scientific
knowledge that benefits all of humanity. This is something we want you to
investigate, and we’re going to need you in Tokyo for the conference to do
this. We have booked you flights and accommodation to attend.” Waker
said.

“Waker, I have absolutely no idea what this research is in the first place,
what did they create? I haven’t been here for four years. Why is this
causing such a massive scene?” Ash asked, frustrated.

Waker paused for a moment, thoughtful. He suddenly seemed unsure of
what to say.

“Sentient artificial intelligence is my best guess, but nobody knows. They
had a security protocol, they’d been working on it for years, I suspect they
only just made a breakthrough, and the communication channel went cold
as soon as they disappeared. We think the group of Chinese investors are
involved, possibly in their kidnapping, which is where you step in.” he
said.

“But why me? Why not use one of your agents?” Ash replied.

“Well, two reasons. You’re a talented software engineer and hacker, and
you are the daughter of Arnie and Wilma. Nobody is closer to their
research than you are. Your skillset is exactly what we need right now, so
we want to bring you in” Waker said.

“Yes, but I suppose… ahh… I never really paid much attention to it, I was
always focused on my own work, and only came back to Stockholm on
holidays…” Ash was racking her brain trying to remember things, any
things she’d seen, recognised or recalled from her parents’ work. She
struggled to think of anything, it was all just a blank slate in her mind. Did
she even remember anything?

She thought of Arby, and his cute little twinkling blue eyes, and soft furry
head and paws.

“I will be accompanying you to Tokyo and I will make sure you’re
protected at all times.
That was jarring. She’d only just met the guy and now her life and safety
were going to be in his hands in a foreign country, with nobody else to
turn to?

She inspected Waker up and down. Freckled, young looking face. Wide
shoulders, narrow waist. Tall, that was always a good sign. Maybe it
wasn’t so bad. She’d have to trust him anyway.

Poor Max was going to have to wait with his dinner date. She quickly
texted to let him know she’d be going away for a week to Japan to clear
her mind.

“Ok Waker, I’ll do it.”
Chapter 2

Bessley had called to check in before departure, and had sent Ash plane,
hotel and conference tickets in advance for the full six days. She would be
flying business class via Finnish Airways with a stopover in Helsinki and
staying at the Hashinami Hotel Tokyo.

Bessley said she will not see Waker until the conference, and even there,
she was not to speak to him at any time. He was there only as a
precaution, and he was a stranger Ash didn’t know. She thought about
telling Max to check on Arby sometime while she was gone, but it
technically wasn’t necessary, Arby had an electronic dispenser that gave
him food twice a day, and fresh water into his high-tech bowl that refilled
every time the water level dropped below a certain point. As for waste
disposal, well… Arby had a kitty back door and the neighbours garden to
do his business, so he would definitely have no problems on that front.

There were only a few people on the flight to Helsinki, but a full plane en
route to Tokyo. She spent most of the first few hours watching old action
movies on the seat screen, and enjoyed some delicious meals and snacks
throughout the flight, comprising various salads with exotic fruits, crafted
pastries, and Nordic meats and breads offered by the business class
catering. Eventually she nestled into her comfortable recliner bed and fell
into a deep, dreamless sleep.

When Ash awoke to the sound of the pilot’s voice, it was dark outside the
plane. They were flying over the ocean. She could almost taste the salty
air in her imagination. She glanced at her monitor; the flight map showed
thirty minutes left before they got to Tokyo. They were on the final
descent. She took this time to skim over some phrases in her Japanese
phrasebook she bought with her, written with complementary culture
facts dotted through its pages. But if she ran into trouble there was
always the voice translation app on her phone, so she wasn’t worried.

After a soft landing and brief taxi, Ash was out on the tarmac with her
hand luggage, and stepped into the midst of Haneda International Airport.
She walked briskly through the main thoroughfare, fascinated by the
lights and colours of the artistic installations, including various potteries,
sculptures and paintings. She remembered what she’d read on the plane
about kintsugi, “beauty through imperfection”. It was the art of mending
broken pottery with lacquer dusted with powdered gold, silver or
platinum. She could see each of the pottery and sculpture pieces lined
with streaks of silver and gold. What a beautiful aesthetic. She could
immediately see Arby pushing such a vase off her living room table and
laughed.

She came to a large, intricately carved, wooden dragon sculpture, several
feet long, and at least 5 feet high. It had a flowing beard, a serpentine
tongue, and teeth that could probably shred a grizzly bear to pieces. That
was, if the dragon was real of course.

The plaque Infront of the sculpture had a section written in Japanese, and
a section in English.


龍神（リュウオ）は、神道の龍王、海神、蛇のマスターです。彼は魔法の宝石で潮

を操り、海の危険と宝物を表しています。Ryujin (Ryu-O) is the Dragon King,

Sea God, and Master of Serpents in the Shinto Religion. With his magic

jewels, he manipulates the tides, representing the dangers and treasures

of the sea.


Fascinating. His eyes were hollowed out and filled in with Jade, and gave
his gaze a mysterious diaphanous glow. Ash felt a chill down the nape of
her neck. She felt like the eyes were watching her. They were darkly
intriguing. Ash carried on past the fountain exhibit and towards the
baggage claim area.

As she was stepping out into arrivals with her two suitcases, she was met
by a sprightly Japanese man in what looked like his mid-forties, with a
name hand written in English on his iPad, “ASH”. She approached him
slowly, trying to make eye contact.

“Uhm, hello sir?” she waved at him. He jumped in a flicker of realisation.


“ああ、こんにちは、こんにちは、来てくれてありがとう！” (Ahh, hello hello,

thank you so much for coming!) He spoke in Japanese, and gestured to

follow him.


He was unsettlingly energetic. Or maybe Ash was just too acclimatised to
silence. His right heel flicked up slightly with every step, as he waddled
through the crowd towards the parking area. Was he limping? Ash didn’t
say anything. She followed him out of the main terminal and into the
freezing carpark area, where they approached a clean, white Toyota Yaris.
It looked like one of the newer models. The man flicked his hand vaguely
before reaching the car, and the boot opened. That’s an unusually large
distance for that kind of thing to work, she thought.

After he packed her bags into the boot and they both shut the door, he
said in a fluid American accent. “My name is Watanabe, allow me to be at
your service for the duration of your stay. Payments have already been
taken care of. Excuse the lack of introduction earlier, just a formality of
discretion.”

“Oh wow, sorry, I totally didn’t expect you to be American.” Ash was
stunned. “Sorry about that. I guess its Hashinami Hotel for now, right?”
She asked.

“That’s quite alright. Expect the unexpected I always say” Watanabe
chuckled. “Indeed, Hashinami Hotel. Please enjoy the ride”.

Wow, that’s efficiency, Ash thought. This felt really good. She wondered
what other things had already been organised on her behalf.

Throughout the snowy journey to Hashinami they passed three cities of
Ota, Shinagawa and Minato. Ash found the architecture so cute, little
dainty apartment and commercial buildings dotted with gardens, bicycle
paths and plenty of corner stores. She read about the quality of the food
in corner stores in Japan, and couldn’t wait to try. While she wasn’t the
biggest fan of sushi, she did have a great love of chicken, rice and pork.

Thirty minutes later they arrived at Hashinami, and parked at the front of
the hotel. It was a modernized version of a Ryokan, a traditional Japanese
Inn. The Hashinami building itself stood in great contrast to the dark and
drab office buildings around it, draped in an aesthetic flower-like lattice
flowing in waves to the top of the building. As they drove into the
underground parking zone, they passed an intriguing large Zen Garden
with two stone benches in the middle.

Watanabe stopped the car, quickly helped Ash with her suitcases, then
got back in and drove off, without saying a word. She was confused, how
was she supposed to contact him?

Ash took the elevator to the ground floor and proceeded to the lobby,
before approaching the reception desk. The three ladies at reception were
dressed in kimonos. One was on the phone, the other two were smiling at
Ash as she approached.

“Welcome Miss Ash!” The nearest woman chimed. How did they know it
was her?

“Mr Watanabe informed us ahead of time you had arrived. Please, let me
escort you to your room.” She continued. Ash noticed the name tag, “慧
Kei”. She followed Kei to the elevators on the other side of the lobby. It
was very warm in the building; they must have had the heating on 24
hours a day. Ash was sweating in her winter clothes.

As Kei opened the door to the room on the 5th floor, Ash was overtaken
with its elegance. On the bed a kimono was already laid out for her, with a
little envelope and two small bowls of flash-coloured Japanese candies on
the bedside table. There was a noticeable, pleasant scent of bamboo in
the air. The floor was lined with tatami mats, and the voluminous, plush
bedding flowed over the low standing wooden bed frame, with soft mood
lighting coming from the ceiling light bars.

“Wow, this amazing!” Ash exclaimed. Kei looked pleased.

“Miss Ash, my name is Kei, please don’t hesitate to call for all your needs.
Someone will be at reception at all times to assist you.” She left, gently
closing the door behind her.

Ash put her two suitcases down and went to pick up the envelope. Inside
was a small phone. It rang immediately, startling Ash to drop the phone. It
was an unknown number. Ash answered quickly

“Hello?” she asked.

“It’s Bessley. This phone has mine and Watanabe’s number saved.
Contact him whenever you need to go anywhere. Waker is in another
location; I remind you that you will not need to see or contact him at any
point. The conference starts tomorrow at 9am for the plenary session, and
will go for six days. You will probably not need to be there that long. Use
the time to get acquainted with the layout of the events. Try to gain
further information about the Chinese investor group, and see what you
can find. We haven’t been able to determine their identities, we only know
at least one of them has provided significant financial backing to a
research lab in Guangzhou involved in the development of bio integrative
electronics, called Hale Labs. The founder, Michael Hale, lives off the grid
somewhere in South America, so contacting him is off the table. This is
our best opportunity at present. Good luck, Ash.”

Bessley hung up abruptly.

Ash felt slightly intimidated. She slipped the phone into her coat pocket,
and her hand touched a folded piece of paper. She unravelled it.

“Oh fuck!” she remembered she still had the printed email from Anil
Wijeweera she retrieved from her father’s lab desk back at the house in
Stockholm. Her eyes jumped to the signature at the bottom of the email

“Dr Anil Wijeweera
Artificial Intelligence Department
KTH Royal Institute of Technology
Brinellvägen 8, 114 28
Stockholm, Sweden”

Surely… surely that meant Anil was going to be at the conference? This
was potentially going to be critically useful information. Anil had worked
with her parents via the university, there was a chance he could know
something about their disappearance. But… if he worked with her parents,
and they had disappeared, but he was still around, did his parents know
something he did not? Arnie must have kept secrets from Anil if that was
true. She’d have to wait to find out.

Ash sat down on the bed and looked contemplatively at the kimono laid
out for her. This was a supremely luxurious hotel. She picked up the
brochure on the bedside table to take a look at the facilities. Spa and Hot
springs! Ash was excited. They sounded like exactly what she needed
right now.

She changed into her bathing suit and put on the kimono. She wanted to
go take a look at the stunning interior architecture of the hotel some
more, but first, it was time to soak up some hot spring.


Across the other side of the world, in Stockholm, two men covered in black
camouflage were inspecting the Bergman house and the perimeter of
security forces around it. One was noticeably taller than the other. The
taller man was a whisker under six feet eight inches, and held American
military issue binoculars, as he scanned the road and grassy areas
surrounding the house. He saw soldiers clad in body armour with
armoured helmets, complete with assault rifles, military belts, and heavy
equipment sitting in trucks on either side of the main building, hidden
behind the tree line. He didn’t know what was in the trucks.

“What’s the situation?” The shorter man whispered.

“It looks like we need to think about this some more, it’s not happening
tonight. We need to let the others know to hold off for now, and re-
evaluate our strategy.” The tall man replied. The mosquito drone they had
sent through the premises for a full topographical scan had completed its
mission, and was fluttering silently in mid-air, as the short man plucked it
out of the air. The short man packed up the drone into a case and they
carefully retreated in the other direction to safety.



Max Danucci was gifted a house key from Arnie Bergman shortly before
Ash’s arrival in Stockholm, and Arnie and Wilma’s disappearance. He had
been incredibly honoured to be bestowed with such trust by the mentor
he’d known for so many years. Max had been a long time and trusted
friend of the family, and a great supportive figure to Ash as she was
growing up.

Max always knew that they were involved with research of great
importance and value, but he never fully understood how any of it worked.
Max used to visit the family for games nights and celebratory dinners on
regular occasions, but Arnie always kept things brief, and kept them
simple. In Layman’s terms, on a need-to-know basis. To Max, Arnie was
the wise cracking uncle, always telling dad jokes and having a good time,
but still being full of wisdom, mystique and intrigue. Wherever Max’s
curiosity led him, Arnie teased out more potential, more wonder, and gave
Max more questions to ponder than he ever thought he needed to know
the answers to.

By far and away, the greatest takeaway Max had from his relationship
with Arnie, was the gravity and impact of artificial intelligence on the
future of humanity. The medical applications, the industrial applications,
so many areas of life, codified, simplified, logistical nightmares of the past
reduced to nothing but minor inconveniences of the future. How much
more time there would be, to explore the power and essence of the
human mind and human civilization.

These thoughts, and others, swirled around Max’s mind as he sat at his
desk at the police station, zoning out from the paperwork Infront of him.
Ash had called him to say she was going away for a few days, and couldn’t
see him until she returned. He respected her decision not to share details,
but it was a bit of a thorn in the heart, he had been dearly looking forward
to seeing Ash again. He wondered where she was going.

He decided to take a quick break and go to the Bergman house to go
check on Arby. Max grabbed his keys and coat and set off to his cruiser.
Pulling out of the police station garage, his car was bombarded with snow
pounding at his windshield. “Galet jävla väder…” He muttered in Swedish.
What insane weather, he thought.

A short, ice-age like drive later he arrived at the Bergman house, and
zipped up his police coat up to his chin, and pulled his beanie over his
ears before pulling his coat hood over his head. He was still feeling chills
running up his thighs and back. Damn. He took a mental note to wear a
thermal clothing layer to work tomorrow.

He was aware of the soldiers still in the vicinity, but thankfully they asked
no questions why he was on the site, and kept to themselves. He
approached the door and turned the key to the reinforced deadbolt lock,
before stepping inside, out of the cold.

Despite the heating and electricity being kept off, the house was still
significantly warmer than outside. That’s some bloody incredible
insulation the Bergmans must have, he thought. Arby was at his feet,
swooshing his tail, looking up at Max inquisitively. Max went over to the
couch and dropped into it heavily. Arby jumped into his lap and got
comfortable in his customary loaf position, giving Max a chuckle.

“Man oh man, when the shit hits the fan.” He sighed, gently tousling the
fur on Arby’s head. No complaints from him. Arby was living his best life.

Max looked around the living room, reminiscing over the years and special
moments he’d spent with the Bergman family. Sitting by the fireplace in
winter, playing card and board games with fresh kanelbullar, delicious, hot
cinnamon buns made by Wilma. Party nights with family friends, with
Arnie playing jazzy piano music to everyone’s delight, while Ash danced
with Arby, making sure he never felt left out or lonely. Even on the quieter
afternoons, sitting alone with Arnie and just watching the news, discussing
events of the day and hearing his opinions and analyses of things. They
ranged from his performance reviews of his fanatically supported Warga
S1 Racing team, to political discussions, circling all the way back to
chatting about his research and scientific developments, including the one
that started it all, his ROH-Type patented chip, which stood for Rapid
Offset Harmonization.

The ROH chip was manufactured in two segmented parts, the first part
was plugged into a computer via USB, and provided the transcription
software. The second part was attached to the skin surface above a
person’s jugular vein on their neck using a replaceable adhesive. Then,
utilising the biochemical properties of blood, the neck chip generates a
whole-body magnetic field to align the protons of the human body with
that field, effectively creating a mobile, silent MRI scanner, that could be
used by anyone. The transcription software then produces images on the
computer. It changed the world of diagnostic medicine, and gave Arnie
world renown in the medical industry for his ground breaking mobile,
compact and quiet MRI scanning device. Arnie was truly amazing.

Max noticed a tag sticking out behind the armrest of the other couch. His
brow furrowed. That was the airport tag of Ash’s travel bag, why did she
leave it here?

Arby must have read his mind, because he jumped from his lap and went
straight to the bag to give it a good sniff. Max went to pick it up, and
checked the contents. A thermal shirt and pants, charging chord with a
battery pack, an unopened bag of chocolate biscuits, and… two phones…

Max recognised them immediately as Arnie and Wilma’s, and his heart
jumped. It wasn’t going to be possible for him to gain access to the
information on the passworded phones, but he absolutely could keep
them safe. By pure luck of circumstance, the phones were still in the same
place, thank God Ash didn’t go about losing them. He placed both phones
inside his coat, in the hidden zip pocket, and left the bag where it was.
Max glanced at his watch. He really needed to get back to the station.
Max gave Arby one more pat down and cuddle, to which Arby responded
with very vocal meows of approval.

“Adieu, you cute chubby fuck. Stay safe my friend.” Max smiled, and
closed the door.


In that same moment, 8000 kilometres away, Ash lay, tranquil, in the
steaming hot springs of the Hashinami hotel. They were actually two bath
halls, separated by a tunnel, and cut down the middle to separate by
gender. Like a squared off hourglass, with a lot of space to enjoy, looking
to the clear Tokyo night sky, through the massive glass ceiling.

The hot springs themselves were fed by hot spring waters 1600 metres
below the ground. The onyx ground tiling was decorated with gentle green
and blue line lights giving the water a visual, calming radiance. The
perimeter of the hot springs was lined with elevated seating to rest
against, supported by angular, clean brown sashimono wooden beams,
joined to form an aesthetic rectangular pattern along the outside wall.

There were some others in the spring with Ash. While she used to feel
embarrassed about showing skin in front of others, at some point along
the way in life, she kind of just… stopped caring? And wasn’t bothered
anymore by people’s judgement. A useful instinct to have in the age of
vanity, vacuity and vindication. She had a lot of work to do tomorrow at
the conference.

Five more minutes, she told herself. Then it was time to head back to her
room and plan.




Chapter 3
Ash’s alarm went off at 6.30am, she wanted to have plenty of time to
have breakfast, assimilate the plan for the day and get her outfit ready
before heading to the conference.

Breakfast was conveniently served in her room, and consisted of fresh
miso soup, steamed rice and grilled tuna steak slices. In addition, there
were small portions of fermented soybeans, kobachi vegetables, and
tsukemono pickles. Ash wasn’t the biggest fan of the soybeans, but felt
like they were an acquired taste she could get used to eventually, just like
she got used to olives when she was little. The pickles and vegetables
though, were fresh, flavoursome and a wonderful taste experience of a
traditional Japanese breakfast.

By the times she was finished eating and browsing the internet, it was
7.45am, Ash wanted to wash and brush her hair, but in a moment of
indecisiveness she eventually let it go, it could wait another day, she had
to contact Watanabe. She picked up the envelope phone left on the TV
cabinet, and checked the contacts. Sure enough, there were two numbers,
labelled W and B. She called W.

It rang three times, before the call was declined. Confused, she called
again, but the phone declined now immediately. Was he already coming
to pick her up? She wasn’t sure. Should she go check the garage? She
took her briefcase with her laptop, conference papers and tickets,
headphones and battery packs, and left the room to head downstairs to
the garage area. After a few minutes, she could see Watanabe’s white
Toyota Yaris driving down into the area. He smiled enthusiastically and
waved. Ash smiled too. She didn’t know why she was so happy to see him.
He had such a kind, positive energy about him.

As she sat down in the front seat, Watanabe asked, “How was your
evening, did you enjoy the facilities at the hotel?”

“Oh, that hot spring is absolutely incredible! And the breakfast this
morning was delicious too! I’ve never been to Japan before all this stuff is
making me fall in love with it, for real” Ash mused. “The food, the culture,
the aesthetic, I totally understand why it’s so widely celebrated around
the world”.

“That’s fantastic, I’m so glad you like it. Kobe is my hometown, which is
actually the home of Karaoke! Do you like to sing?” Watanabe asked.

“Oh, I mean I like it but I’m not very good at it” Ash laughed. “It’s more
private shower concert material for an audience of one if you catch my
meaning” she quipped.

Watanabe seemed enthused. “I love to sing. One day I’d like to make
something out of it. I never had the courage when I was younger to sing
Infront of people. But I’m getting old, and It’s making me start to wonder
what could have been with this whole singing thing. Don’t wanna live my
life with regrets, ain’t that right?” He sighed.

Ash totally didn’t expect that from Watanabe. There was a moment of
silence between them.

“Would you sing me a song?” Ash suddenly asked.

Watanabe looked conflicted; she could see the tension in his expression.
He blinked quickly a few times, and cleared his throat. He looked to Ash.

“Okay well, if you tell me I suck I’m dropping you off in the middle of the
street” he laughed loudly, visibly fighting the nervous energy.

He turned off the radio music, and a few moments later, he started
singing a song. As the first words came out, she realised he was singing in
Japanese. It was a slow, and gentle song. While she didn’t understand any
of the words, she could see and feel in his voice, this was a song that
meant a lot to him. She wondered where it was from, or who it was for.
With his eyes on the road, he sang slowly, emotively, and let each of the
words and the melody roll out from his heart. It was as natural and
effortless as an antelope, bounding through the African plains, in search of
his meaning and desires. Watanabe’s performance was something truly
special, she sensed that in his energy.

“Watanabe, you got some real talent you know?” Ash said.

“Thank you, Ash. That means a lot. Sorry if that was awkward, I don’t
know why I brought it up. But I appreciate it.” He replied.

Ash smiled with him. “I’m gonna check the schedule…”

“Oh damn, yea, that’s right, please, go right ahead, I’ll be quiet now I
promise”

They drove in silence for a short while. She checked what was on for day 1
In the conference booklet. The conference would be held in the Mizudachi
Convention Centre in Shinjuku City, a 25 minute drive away from the
hotel. The plenary session was going to be held in the main hall, followed
by a keynote speech, by a Doctor Lotár Warga, a Hungarian researcher
who had won the Lansthicke award in the previous year, 2027. The
Lansthicke award was the effective Nobel Prize of computing, a
prestigious award and agglomeration of pioneering computing research
Ash had always revered since her early days in her undergraduate
studies.

The schedule showed tens of workshops scattered throughout the venue,
peppered with tutorial sessions, as well as some structured Equity and
Diversity in Artificial Intelligence talks in morning and afternoon sessions.
Lots to explore for day 1. Ash felt optimistic.

Watanabe entered the convention centre grounds from the south side, but
the parking area was on the opposite end in the north. As Watanabe drove
around the building, Ash had a moment to take in the structure. It was a
sleek, futuristic rain drop shaped design, with a huge cantilevered aerial
garden projected out of the southern end at the raindrop tip. A series of
flying buttresses supported a wavy, metallic lattice structure around the
exterior of the building, which looked like a flowing dress robe. The lattice
structure, she had read, was a rotating architectural piece, with
electronically controlled solar panels folding out from the inner arms of
each branch, providing a substantial amount of electricity for the
powering of the building. The lattice was able to orient itself to gather the
greatest amount of sunlight at any one time. A mastery of structural
engineering.

They arrived in the parking zone and pulled up to the main entrance of
the building. Ash had her briefcase in her hands. Before she opened the
door, Watanabe said,

“Just so you know, ringing me isn’t a phone call, it’s a GPS ping, so when
you phone, I will be notified of where you are and come to you shortly
after. Apologies for the lack of conversation on that front” Watanabe
noted.

“Oh, that’s totally okay, yea I figured that’s the case anyway. I’ll ping you
when I’m ready. Drive safe Watanabe! Thanks for the ride!” Ash replied.

And with that, she took the elevator up to the main lobby.

At this point the plenary session and keynote speech was only 13 minutes
away, so she checked in at the reception and started weaving and
ducking her way through the crowd to ensure she found a good seat. The
reception desk opened up directly to the huge main hall which split off
into several corridors along the ground floor, most of which were lined
with small theatrettes, bigger theatres, conference rooms, and the like.
Along the central column of the main hall’s far end, was a staircase which
led to the 2nd floor, which had more rooms and spaces available for use.

Ash found herself a comfy spot on the outer aisle almost immediately
Infront of the reception desk, and sat down with her moderately hefty
briefcase, observing the hubbub and moving mass of human faces and
heads around her. So many expressions, so many noses, coloured eyes,
big chins, small chins. Different hairstyles. It was fascinating. Ash enjoyed
people watching, it was one of the simpler pleasures and curiosities of life.

Shortly thereafter, Dr Warga arrived on stage with a woman, who Ash
recognised immediately, the chairwoman of the conference, Kozue
Matsuuchi. Her face and name were hard to miss, being on the front page
of the welcome booklet. A rapturous applause erupted throughout the
hall.

“Delegates, we would like to thank you for your attendance to the first
day of our wonderful conference. We have a selection of workshops and
tutorials running today which we hope you will all find value and
enrichment in. But for the moment, allow me please to introduce, Dr Lotár
Warga, 2027 recipient of the Lansthicke Award, and pioneering computer
scientist, philanthropist and the founder of Warga Automotive and
Robotics, for our keynote speech on the first day of the conference.
Welcome Dr Warga!”

More thunderous applause from the audience. Dr Warga approached the
lectern and coughed loudly, and awkwardly tried to clear his throat over
several attempts before finally succeeding.

“Apologies for that. It’s probably that damn COVID from a decade ago” he
laughed, to the tune of a mostly quiet audience. Ash was sympathetic. He
quickly continued.

“Thank you, Kozue, for the wonderful introduction. I’d like to begin my
keynote by asking you two guiding questions, the first one being, what
can artificial intelligence do for humanity? And the second one being,
what’s our strategy for achieving this? As all of us present at this
conference know, the potential of artificial intelligence is immense. The
end goal, arguably, is the very literal interpretation of the phrase, artificial
intelligence. Creating sentient artificial entities, machine life, as you will,
and putting it to use for the benefit of humanity…”

Ash had a shot of adrenaline shoot up her spine. Was this what her
parents had created?

“…and living alongside these machines in harmony, humanity enriching
the existence of machines, and machines enriching the existence of
humanity.”

Warga segued his comments into the state of artificial intelligence in the
modern day, with up-and-coming research developments. He spoke about
international AI cooperation, logistical issues, and the politics surrounding
AI technology. The speech was comprehensive, written and executed with
surgical precision, and full of promise, inspiration and enthusiasm. Ash
could tell the energy in the room was electric, what started as a fumbled
beginning to his speech grew into a masterful display towards the end,
and every soul in the room was fixated on the pearly prophecies and
philosophies coming from the moustached mouth of world-renowned Dr
Lotár Warga.
But the question which grew louder in Ash’s mind with every passing
sentence he spoke… why was he not mentioning her parents and their
research? Nobody even seemed aware to ask. It was almost as if Arnie
and Wilma didn’t exist. The longer Warga went without mentioning them,
the bigger Ash’s concern grew. They were one of the biggest names in the
industry, and they were being ignored. She suddenly understood the
reality of her parent’s disappearance. If they truly had created sentient
machines, and Warga wasn’t talking about it… Ash realised someone
didn’t want the world to know.

After his 45 minute speech was finished, Warga had left the lectern to yet
another torrent of applause. Ash was convinced he knew something about
his parents, but he wasn’t going to just say it out in the open. Ash needed
to get into a room with him and have a private conversation. She
wondered if there was going to be a VIP lunch area, and how she was
going to be able to sneak in.

Over the next 3 or so hours, the cohort of delegates split up to rooms and
areas all over the Mizudachi convention centre ground and 2nd floors to
attend various workshops and tutorials. Ash went to a workshop on data
management in AI for healthcare, not that it mattered to her now that she
was unemployed in the healthcare industry. Although, the experience
itself was unexpectedly magical. Each delegate was given a set of
augmented reality glasses, through which the speakers showed
photorealistic models, graphics, people, events and commentary on data
management opportunities in healthcare with artificial intelligence. She
was smitten with the holographic projector at the front of the room,
cleanly, beautifully illustrating complex architectural diagrams, data
networks, components and structures in fluid neon visuals, exactly like in
sci fi superhero movies twenty years ago. What an awesome time to be
alive, she thought.

There was a thirty minute coffee break on the second floor in the dining
room, where a few tables were lined with coffee, tea, fruits, pastries and…
bean salad? Weirdly enough. Ash saw chamomile, hibiscus, berry, matcha,
green, oolong, Irish breakfast, Jasmine, pomegranate and sencha tea
varieties before she realised there were more varieties she was bothered
to count. The same went for the coffee. The conference really spared no
expense. Ash grabbed a banana and left the dining room and ventured
around the second floor. A handful of security guards were spread out in
the area. The futuristic interior architecture of the convention centre was
spaceship like, with splashes of metallic blue and yellow, and elegant steel
decorative pieces lined with lights running rivulets through the dark
ceiling rails, connecting to the buildings circuit network, providing light for
everyone at the conference. The lounge chairs dotted along the walls
were pinned with plush, mink-like fabric and were luxuriously comfortable
to sit on.
She made eye contact with an Indian, young-ish looking man at the end of
the corridor outside a room with a locked door. He looked to be in his
thirties, rather short, but well put together. His thick beard was elegantly
trimmed, which left all the attention on his bulbous, egg like forehead,
which she could see shining from a distance. He stopped talking to the
woman he was with, and started walking rather quickly towards Ash. She
panicked, and took a few steps back. His pace increased. Ash was freaking
out, and didn’t know what to do. She didn’t have time to call out, and
suddenly he was in her face.

“Ash”

“Sorry, who are you?”

“I’m Anil Wijeweera, I work with your father” he said. He looked
distressed. Anil from the email…

“There’s something you need to know, a few days ago, your parents
successfully created a conscious machine, under the operational
objectives of experimentation with a prototype humanoid bot named LS-
633. The robot showed full consciousness of its thoughts, words and
actions, and immediately questioned your parents on its reality” he
began.

My god, she thought. This whole operation, Operation Indie Mind, Special
Forces at her parent’s house, this conference trip, it wasn’t a dreamy
illusion. This was very, very real.

Suddenly a voice came on in the intercom. It was Kozue.

“Ladies and gentlemen, the coffee break will conclude in a few minutes,
please refer to the conference schedule for further information on the
subsequent workshops and tutorials.”

Anil continued, unfazed. Was the heating on? She felt okay, but Anil was
sweating. Not profusely, though there was a definite shine on his
forehead, underneath the thinning black hairs on his balding head.

“I was part of the investor seed meeting where the investors met with the
conference committee, to discuss the conference proceedings
expectations. In Warga’s speech, your parents weren’t mentioned, and for
a very good reason. Warga is one of the biggest financial backers of an
underground biotech company in Guangzhou called Hale Laboratories, a
company on a mission of destruction against LS-000, your parent’s
research unit I’m a part of.”

“Now, on the public front, it’s a pharmaceutical firm specialising in drug
research and manufacture, headed by CEO Michael Hale, a British
businessman and investor. But off the books, the laboratory is run by
Hale’s stone-cold brother-in-law, Shuchang Zhao, a retired Sea Dragon
Commando, the Chinese equivalent of the US Navy Seals. Zhao is a
fanatic who dreams of a future without humans, built and maintained by
intelligent machines, and he wants to accomplish that by rebuilding
humanity one body at a time.”

“What the hell do you mean rebuilding humanity one body at a time?” Ash
asked, incredulous.

“Human experimentation. He wants to make human machine hybrids. The
most realistic way he’s going to do that will be to abandon the body and
upload the mind into a machine, but he’s a way off that yet. He’s been
spending all his time working on bio integrative electronics, but is met
with constant failure, the body just won’t accept that amount of foreign
material into biological equilibrium. It’s only a matter of time before he
drops that completely and starts chasing neural assimilation.”

Anil pulled up his shirt to wipe his wet forehead, leaving a stain on it.

“Zhao already has an neural transcription prototype in beta testing,
emulating neural circuits algorithmically to visualise human thoughts.
He’ll get there very quickly if he gets his hands on your parents’ AI
systems. What you need to know is, at the seed meeting, Zhao demanded
your parents be held accountable for denying research vital to the
improvement of humanity, and Warga agreed, saying he’d ensure their
cooperation.”

Anil’s pace quickened, as delegates started walking by them, back
downstairs for the end of the break.

“I don’t know where your parents are Ash, but I think a good first step is
finding out if Warga and Zhao had anything to do with it. There’s a VIP
lunch happening later on the 4th floor in the Maracanã Room, you’ll need a
keycard to get to the 4th floor by elevator” Anil unzipped his waist bag and
pulled out a pitch-black card etched with red stained Japanese characters
in the corner, and handed it to Ash. He also handed ash a little white
cardboard card with his name and KTH number on it.

“Just scan the card at the elevator to call it, and press 4 on the keypad
and it should take you up. Zhao and Warga will be up there, see what you
can find out from them, without drawing attention to yourself. They don’t
know you’re Arnie and Wilma’s daughter, you’ll need another name, I
don’t know, like Courtney or something, a medical software engineer from
New York seeking to make the switch into AI. Think of something.
Whatever works. The other card is my number from KTH, it’s an
international satellite phone, call me at the end of the day, we need to
meet up and figure out what to do next” Anil was out of breath he was
speaking so fast.
Security guards approached them to usher them away from the corridor
they were in and back towards the main hall.

“I’ll see you soon Ash” Anil told her.

They went back to the first floor main hall. Anil went off immediately down
the left corridor, Ash decided to approach the big scheduling whiteboard
at the front of the hall and look for a workshop that piqued her interest.
She found one. STRATEGIES IN MINIMIZING MEDICAL MALPRACTICE BY
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE. That was in the Jericho Theatre. She located it
on the convention centre map, in the F6 square. She grabbed one last
lemon crème biscuit before walking quickly to the room to see what it was
all about.

When Ash sat down in the workshop, she regretted it almost immediately.
It was run by two harpy looking women with ratty blonde hair and grating,
nasal voices she could barely focus on or listen to. She knew it wasn’t
their fault, but Ash got so angry at how irritating their voices were, she felt
like she was on the edge of screaming. She listened to them talk about
the ethical considerations and moralistic exercises for a few minutes
longer, before she had to excuse herself from the room. Ash went outside
to check the scheduling whiteboard again.

As she scanned it for something new to go see, her eyes caught a red
post-it note attached to the lunch break section, saying there’s been a
room change for the VIP lunch, it will now be on the 6th floor, the top floor,
staff will direct VIPs to the location. Would Anil’s key card work for the
sixth floor? her mind flashed back to the convention centre entrance map
showing what’s on each floor, the 6th floor was greyed out as BY
APPOINTMENT ONLY. No… it wasn’t possible someone and heard that
conversation with Anil, and within minutes changed the location of the
lunch. There was no way. This had to be a shitty coincidence.

“Are you lost, ma’am?” A butch security guard approached her.

“Oh, um, yes please, I was just wondering where I might be able to go
have a cigarette?” Ash asked in panic. That was a fuck up. She had none
on her and wouldn’t be able to improvise it if he stood watch.

“There’s no smoking on the premises ma’am, but you may smoke outside.
Allow me to escort you” the guard gestured for Ash to follow. The
elevators were right before the exit on the right-hand side. All she had to
do was tap the card and press the sixth floor in a moment the guard
wasn’t looking, and if it worked, bingo. If not… well, she’d cross that
bridge if she got there.

They walked for a few seconds, Ash fervently trying to focus. The exit was
now less than ten metres away. She had to act fast, if he asked her for a
cigarette too, she’d be in deep shit. In her jacket pocket, her fingers
tightly gripped the key card. She was right next to the elevator button, but
the guard was gazing in that direction. She couldn’t yet press it without
being seen. The window of opportunity was closing!

Then, in an act of divine mercy, an employee of the convention centre
was entering the building and recognised the guard at the door, and
started a conversation with him. In that split second, using his body as
cover, Ash tapped the card and pressed 6 on the keypad in one smooth
motion.

It flashed red. Access denied.




Chapter 4

Fuck. She stepped to the left of the guard quickly and said “I’m sorry,
thankyou sir for your assistance, but I think I need some water, I’m not
feeling too good.”
He seemed indifferent.

“Not a problem ma’am, enjoy the conference” and carried on his
conversation with his colleague.

Ash nearly collapsed in relief. She quickly walked back to the main hall
with the coffee, tea, pastries, fruits and biscuits and nervously filled up a
plastic plate, and started munching chunks of watermelon absent
mindedly. Her mind was racing. She’d need to find a security terminal
within the next 40 minutes before lunch, and reprogram her keycard to
allow access to the 6th floor.

She examined it. The card looked to be a typical proximity card, but
thicker than usual. This one definitely had some more sophisticated
circuitry. She studied basic prox card reprogramming with her dad, and
together they built their own highly illegal device which used spectral
scanning to extract electronic door network information, and installed the
login data on any prox card you swiped through it with. Unfortunately, for
the first time in her life when she truly above all else needed it, it was
across the other side of the world at her parent’s house in Stockholm.
There were holographic terminals in each theatre used for demonstration
purposes, but there was no guarantee they operated on the security
network. Ash had no idea where the security room in the building was,
and she was running out of time, so she had to make an educated guess
that the reception computers were likely to have prox card programming
enabled, she’d just have to have three minutes with them and nobody
watching. Ash needed a distraction.

From her briefcase she took out her burner phone and slipped it into her
pocket. She looked up and saw a toilet area just ahead at the entrance to
a theatre. Ash stepped inside, locked herself in one of the cubicles, and
quickly texted Bessley.

“NEED WAKER TO DISTRACT
ASAP
CAMERAS ARE WATCHING”

She shut her phone. God, she hoped Bessley could make something work.
She sat for seven agonizing minutes, before she received a text back.

“OSLO THEATRE
ASAP
UNIFORM
CARE BODY”

Jesus fucking Christ, what did he mean CARE BODY? She picked up her
briefcase and exited the cubicle, heading to the centre map and schedule
once more. She eventually located the Oslo room. As she approached,
Waker very casually exited into the hallway. She opened her mouth to
speak to him, but he quickly moved straight past her without making eye
contact. She felt for a moment like she was being watched by a thousand
eyes. As she opened the door which Waker walked through, she noticed it
was dark. She flicked on the lights, and pressed the lock button on the
door. The room was empty. Confused, she walked towards the desk and
lectern at the front, and finally saw the body of a young girl, one of the
receptionists, lying on the floor, hidden under the desk. There was no
blood. Was she alive? Ash went over to check her pulse. She was
breathing, but sleeping, deeply it looked like. She was in her
undergarments, and her venue staff uniform was neatly folded on the
chair. Bessley and Waker worked some serious magic. This was incredible.

Ash quickly put on the sleeping receptionist’s uniform, and stuffed her
regular clothes in her thankfully mostly empty briefcase. She was deeply
concerned what would happen when the girl woke up, or if she was found.
She could see the girl had goosebumps. Ash took the dust cover off the
holographic computer terminal, and put it over the girl to give her a little
bit of warmth. Then it made sense to her why the Oslo room wasn’t being
used, the holographic projector had been mechanically taken apart and a
metal sign was hanging off it saying “REPAIRS DELAYED”.

Ash left the girl under the desk and made her way to the exit, where she
flicked off the lights, and closed the door. Immediately outside the door
were two guards leaning against the column. Ash’s mouth went dry. One
of them looked at her for a moment, then went back to his conversation.
For several seconds she felt herself mentally fumbling, trying to look like
she’s on a task of some sort, but thankfully the guards were completely
unfazed. She breathed a sigh of relief, and carried on.

There was only one other girl at the far end of the reception desk, who
was currently on the phone. Above her, Ash could see Cameras pointed
straight at them both. If Ash worked quickly, she could find the software
and recode the keycard in just a few seconds. She approached the 2nd
computer nearer to the door, and took out Anil’s black keycard, before
swiping it in the card scanner. A window opened on the screen

“MARINA PROX CARD PROGRAMMING
CURRENT CLEARANCE LEVEL
[1:5]
ACCEPT?
[Y] / [N]”

Ash clicked N

“ENTER PASSWORD”

Fuck. This would take more than a few seconds. She went online and
accessed a cloud-based password cracker software she designed with her
classmates at university called SH Crack, capable of cracking even the
strongest encryption protocols at the time. She kept it updated regularly
so as long as the Mizudachi security system wasn’t the latest military
grade equipment, SHCrack should be able to break through the password
authenticator, After 2 minutes of tinkering with the software and
command terminal, she was logged in.

“SELECT NEW CLEARANCE LEVEL
[1][2][3][4][5][6]”

That was a close call. Ash pressed the 6

“MARINA PROX CARD PROGRAMMING
CURRENT CLEARANCE LEVEL
[1:6]
ACCEPT?
[Y][N]”

Ash hit Y

She shut off and uninstalled SH crack, wiped the logs and caches of
activity on the computer for the last 5 minutes, and turned off the system.
She held back a smile of satisfaction, aware of the camera still fixed on
her reception desk. Ash passed the corner of the camera’s vision and
picked up her briefcase, before heading back to the Oslo room to return
the uniform to the receptionist. Ash got inside again and locked the door,
before quickly changing and leaving the receptionist’s outfit on the chair
at the desk she was lying under. Poor girl will be so confused when she
wakes up.

The lunch break was rapidly approaching, Ash was out in the corridor, and
saw people started exiting the rooms. The intercom came on, Kozue’s
voice again.

“Delegates, it’s now time for lunch, scheduled events will continue in one
hour. Lunch will be served in the dining room on the 2nd floor. Thank you,
and enjoy the break”.

The 2nd floor was accessible by staircase, but to get any higher, she’d
have to go by the entrance elevators. Which wasn’t the best design
principle in case of a fire emergency, with no stair escape route from
higher floors. Ash weaved her way through the bodies towards the
elevators, and managed to slip inside one of them as the door was
closing, with an elderly man and woman. She scanned her card and
selected 6 on the digital keypad.

“Thank you darling” the elderly woman said. “We’re going to the top floor
lunch too!”
Ash smiled politely but stayed quiet. She looked at her phone. A few
seconds later the door opened into a darkened corridor illuminated with
deep blue light, from two massive aquariums on either side of the
walkway. An assistant was already waiting for them.

“Hello, please follow me through the aquarium”. Ash and the couple
obeyed, passing through various tanks housing a lurid assortment of
coloured fish, weeds, decorative aquarium art pieces, shells,
miscellaneous metallic bowls, helmets and the like. Overhead, she could
see more fish swimming along connected intricate connected glass tubing
that opened each tank into contact with all the others. This meant the fish
could explore every architectural wonder and artifact in each other’s
tanks. The connected aquarium tanks were a genius feat of structural
engineering, something the fish could never understand or appreciate.

They went through another two sliding doors before exiting into an
external garden area. This was the cantilevered garden area she saw
extending past the edge of the building, driving in with Watanabe. From
the door it looked like they were overhanging a cliff, but thankfully the
edge was protected by a lattice hedge. A dining area was set up for them,
17 people were already enjoying the food, with outdoor heaters set up for
the frosty weather. Amongst them were Kozue and Warga, but Shuchang
Zhao seemed to be missing. Ash felt a difficulty swallowing.

The food looked like Michelin star artistry. There were tiny bowls and
plates lining the tables with beautiful colours and textures of various
foods. There was onigiri sushi, various creams, berries, seaweeds, breads,
tiny flavoured rice balls, salads, sauce mixtures, fruit art pieces. She saw
fried chicken, octopus, eggs on rice, and little yellow pancakes. Ash felt
herself salivating.

As she looked up, Ash saw Warga chatting with Kozue. She had no idea
what to say yet. Ash was starving and decided to go for the food first.
There were no larger plates she could pile some food on, most
inconveniently, she had to take the small degustation samples one little
plate at a time.

Ash spent the next ten minutes enjoying and savouring the flavours of the
food as if it were her last day on earth, with unnecessary emotion. But, in
that time, she regained a little bit of energy and confidence, and
eventually decided to approach Warga.

“Dr Warga, it’s an absolute honour to meet you!” she slipped into his
personal space, as he was moving away from a conversation to get some
more food.

“Thank you dear, these conferences do get a little bit tedious sometimes
don’t they! And it’s only the first day” he said, grabbing a mini crème
dessert.
“Oh, are you planning on leaving us early Dr?” Ash said with a nigh
flirtatious grin. Warga raised an eyebrow, clearly enjoying the attention.

“Well, unfortunately my dear…” He looked down at Ash’s chest for her
nametag “…Marianne, ahead of the release of the 2029 series of Warga
Automotive models, I am scheduled for a multi city European press tour.
As much as I’d like to stay, duty does unfortunately call. You know how it
is, shareholder meetings, investor calls, keeping the customers happy”
Warga threw his head back in an emphatic laugh, a billionaires laugh. He
was a man of power, and a man who meant business. And he knew it. But
he didn’t seem like an arrogant bastard, he had the energy of a genuine,
friendly man. Possibly not the kind who casually ventured into kidnapping
and extortion. “And of course, I would love to attend some of my S1 team
races.”

“I see! When are you planning on leaving?” Ash asked.

Warga’s eyes narrowed, he suddenly became very serious.

“You ask a lot of questions Marianne. Aren’t you a very inquisitive one?
Why, might I ask, would you like to know?”

Her heart was racing. She had two seconds, three tops, to come up with a
convincing reason.

Ash took a deep breath through her nose, and gently rested her arm in
the small of his back. “Well, truth be told, I do have a soft spot for
automotive engineering, I know it’s your ultimate professional dream to
revolutionize the transport industry and create the ultimate long range
electromagnetic vehicle. I have to say, I’ve been most captivated by what
the Warga Automotive and Robotics branches has accomplished so far,
and would love to get a better insight into that entrepreneurial and
visionary genius of yours. The work you’ve done for the commercialisation
of cheap, high-quality robotics in the middle class cannot be praised
enough.”

Warga disapproved. “Marianne, I appreciate your kind words, but
unfortunately, I cannot divulge deeper secrets, my research and
development with the units at WA and WR is strictly confidential. But I’ll
tell you what. You wouldn’t be here if you didn’t have a passion for
machine learning and artificial intelligence. As you know, the VIP tickets to
this conference were bought privately via auction. While the Warga
Automotive press tour starts tomorrow when I leave Tokyo, the final
destination on the tour will be Barcelona. I will be hosting a private
function there, containing some special technological innovations the
world has not yet seen from Warga Robotics, and all VIPs from this
conference are invited to attend should they wish. The Barcelona event
will occur on New Year’s Eve.”
That VIP lunch room change nearly cost her a golden, golden opportunity
with Warga. Thank God for Waker, that poor receptionist, and Ash’s SH
Crack software that got her onto the 6th floor.

“Thank you kindly, Dr Warga, that’s definitely something I shall be doing”
Ash said.

“Where did you say you were from Marianne?” Warga asked suddenly.
Ash was prepared.

“Boston. I was in medical manufacturing, I invested in the Bergman ROH
MRI prototype, and spend my time and money now in private research”
Ash replied. She felt a bead of sweat sitting near her temple. Maybe the
outdoor heating fans had something to do with it.

“Bergman? As in Arnie and Wilma Bergman?” He asked.

“Yes, the Swedish scientists.” Ash replied.

“Ahh, I haven’t heard from them in a while. Don’t know what happened to
them. I know they were doing some great research on self-regenerating
neural networks, but then I just stopped seeing their name floating
around. I wonder where they went. But the community must live on I
suppose” Warga said, reminiscent.

“In any case, I need to get back to meeting some of these people, enjoy
the world class degustation and view Marianne. Just one moment”

He retrieved a card and pen from his breast pocket, and scribbled
something down. He handed her the card, and slipped the pen back in its
pocket. His voice lowered; he leaned in closer to Ash.

“This is my business card, but my private number is on the back. Feel free
to contact me and we can organize something a little more… intimate” he
winked suggestively. She held back a shudder, and politely took his card.
His name, number and “Warga” logo was on the front. Maybe… maybe for
an older guy he wasn’t that unattractive? She briefly visualised sleeping
with him to find out what he knows. It wasn’t entirely out of the question.
As long as he wasn’t such a gross pervert about it, she could close her
eyes and go through with it maybe.

Warga went to mingle more with the others. She felt this was the best
possible outcome given the circumstances, she had no way of asking
about her parents or Zhao without destroying her cover. She’d need to
talk to Bessley and Anil and figure out what the next move was.
Ash filled up some more on four rare fish rice balls and pancakes. She
didn’t need to stay the rest of the conference. She’ll call Watanabe when
this lunch is over.

Which was… still a while away unfortunately. Ash approached some of the
wealthy older people, and spoke again with the rich couple from the
elevator. She felt like she was speaking on autopilot. She didn’t even
remember the names or occupations, interests or hobbies. She didn’t
care. She just needed this to be over.

Time flew by quickly enough, and they were ushered back through the
aquarium into the building, towards the remaining workshops and tutorials
for the day. Ash pinged Watanabe, and sat in the food area eating the
remaining, less artistic biscuits from the earlier coffee break, to stave off
hunger for a while longer. She gave it a few minutes before she went
outside to the parking area, and sure enough, Watanabe was driving
through again, with his cute little Toyota.

She went to the back to put her briefcase in the boot, then sat down in the
front passenger seat.

“So good to see you, Ash!” Watanabe began. “I trust it was a productive
conference”

“You don’t know the half of it, Watanabe” Ash replied. Ash needed
another trip to the Sauna and Hot Springs tonight before coming back
tomorrow, to find out why Zhao wasn’t at the VIP lunch. But she needed to
speak with Anil first.

The Toyota Yaris drove out of the parking area and smoothy re-joined into
Tokyo traffic, heading back towards the Hashinami hotel. Kozue Matsuuchi
was watching it go, through the blinds of an office window on the 5th floor
of the centre. Kozue didn’t know why the only daughter of Arnie and
Wilma Bergman was present at the conference. Really, it could have been
a complete coincidence. Kozue would have believed it and thought
nothing further of the matter. But then that would only have been the
case if she hadn’t overheard Ash’s conversation with Warga, and Ash use
a false name of Marianne. That caught Kozue’s attention. At the
conference tomorrow, she was going to ask Ash about it. Today there was
the opportunity in the garden to introduce herself, but she felt it wasn’t
the right moment yet. Ash didn’t recognise her, so clearly Arnie never
mentioned her in the past. Kozue closed the window blinds and sat down
at the desk to pen a letter, which she intended to give to Ash tomorrow at
lunch.

When she was finished, she sealed the letter in an envelope, put the
initials A.B on the front, and went back down to the main hall on the first
floor. Lotàr Warga was speaking with a researcher. Kozue waited patiently
for him to finish his conversation.
“…So you see a radial basis function is preferred in power optimisation
operations, that’s something we’ve got strong modelling in so I think we
should be ok for now, thank you for the suggestion though Werner. Ah,
Kozue, how are you doing?” He turned to her, genial as ever.

“I was curious to ask, you spoke with a brown-haired young lady earlier, I
didn’t get a chance to meet her. Who was she?”

“Oh that was Marianne. Lovely lady, very passionate. Invested in Bergman
Medical Chips, lucky girl must have got in early. She’s from Boston!
Probably one of those MIT grads with a regex built brain” Warga
remarked.

“Ahh ok” Kozue nodded. “Right, that’s a shame I couldn’t say hello.
Perhaps tomorrow”. Kozue had the option of staying at the conference,
but had too much going through her mind to focus at the moment. She
decided to collect her papers and belongings at the administration office
and head back home.


Anil Wijeweera sat peacefully in prayer, on a concrete ledge next to his
Kamakura condominium block, in the Kanagawa prefecture, watching the
snow collect on the cars parked in the street. He felt at ease, it was good
to know he had someone on his side in all of this, and it wasn’t just a one-
man suicide mission with no clear goal in sight. The fact he saw and made
contact with Ash at the conference was nothing short of a miracle, but a
sign to Anil that God truly does help those in need.

It was only 3.25pm, Ash presumably wasn’t going to call him for a while
yet, he may as well go inside to warm up. He patted himself down and
wiped off the snow from his boots and hood, and closed the front door. He
wanted to do a little bit more digging on Zhao and Warga, but he had run
out of ideas what do look for next.

When Arnie and Wilma disappeared, he immediately suspected Hale
Laboratories was involved. Not only did they publish journal articles and
newsletters, Hale Laboratories held media press conferences and events,
where they actively discredited and maliciously tore down the advances
the LS-000 bot research team was making in regenerative neural
networks, bringing sentient machine life closer to reality. They cited moral
and ethical transgressions, waxing lyrical on the dangers of uncontrollable
machine intelligence and the impacts it would have on the future of
humanity.

That was their trio, their team. Arnie, Wilma and Anil. And it all started
when Anil, by chance. was walking through the library one day at KTH and
saw a piece of paper on the pinup board, a seemingly inconspicuous
advertisement.
“SEEKING JUNIOR RESEARCH ASSISTANT-ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE
LABORATORY. PASSIONATE APPLICANTS WELCOME”

So, Anil took note of the number, and gave it a call later that same
evening. He never could have known it would have resulted in one of the
most intellectually fulfilling adventures of his life at the forefront of
analytical computer science, and a friendship with two incredible souls in
Arnie and Wilma Bergman, who gave him the kindness and appreciation
for his work and nature that he never got from the world. An appreciation
and kindness he always yearned for. He was forever grateful to them, and
would do anything in his power to track them down.

Hale Labs clearly had a vendetta against Arnie and Wilma, but he didn’t
know why. Things weren’t adding up. It bugged him that the Chinese lab
took such a religiously defensive stance against the LS-000 team, and yet
in all his experience with the technological and underground hacker
communities from China, they were some of the least morally and
ethically minded people he’d ever met in his life.

It just didn’t fit the bill, a pharmaceutical company and laboratory, built on
scientific ambition, devoting so much resource to discrediting the science
of a lab of AI researchers in Sweden on the other side of the world. He
suspected the CEO had something to do with it, some falling out he must
have had with Arnie or Wilma in the past maybe?

Anil wrote to underground contacts in China, seeking further information
on why Hale Laboratories was hell bent on destroying the reputation of
LS-000. He eventually found a contact who had intimate knowledge of
Hale Laboratories and Zhao’s operations. That same contact had said
Michael Hale was innocent, Hale Laboratories was just a commercial front
for the illegal human experimentation done by Hale’s brother-in-law,
Shuchang Zhao. Zhao was the one who was determined to see Arnie fall
at any cost. The contact still couldn’t place a motive for why, and Anil
couldn’t figure it out either.

The only other notable piece of information Anil could find, was that the
biggest name in computing in 2027, Lotár Warga, was the 2nd biggest
shareholder in Hale Laboratories Ltd.

His phone rang suddenly, frightening him out of the silence. That must’ve
been Ash. He picked up quickly.

“Ash?” Anil asked.

“Yes, listen Anil I’m not sure I have the strength to meet up at the
moment, but I will tell you what I found out. I did talk to Lotár Warga
earlier. That VIP lunch was shifted to the 6th floor, your card didn’t give me
clearance. Long story, but I found a way to get into the outdoor garden
with the VIPs.” Ash began

“Oh, shit sorry I didn’t think they’d shift rooms; I made the prox card at
my apartment before coming, going off the schedule on the website.” He
said.

“Anil that’s totally fine don’t worry. Here’s the catch with the VIP status
though, they didn’t get invited as VIP’s, Warga held a secret auction and
these people bought access. Also, he could be bullshitting, but I
mentioned I invested in Bergman ROH chips, he said he hadn’t heard the
Bergman name in a while. I don’t know what that could mean honestly. It
sounds like Warga might not be involved in their disappearance.” Ash
explained. “The other thing is, Warga is leaving Tokyo tonight for a
European press tour on the upcoming 2029 WAU car series, it’ll finish In
Barcelona on New Year’s Eve, and all VIPs from the conference are invited
to that private event”

“Wait, Ash, wait, what about Shuchang Zhao, was he in the 6th floor
garden? Did you manage to speak to him?” Anil asked.

“No, I didn’t. I hadn’t seen him once the whole day. Are you sure he was
there?” Ash replied.

“Well, he should have been. Remember the seed meeting I was at? Zhao
called for reprimand of your parents for negligence of scientific duty, and
Warga agreed and said he’d look into it. Now he could have just been
saying that to shut Zhao up, but being one of the top investors in Zhao’s
parent company sure makes you question their relationship. We are going
to need more information, Ash. That robotics VIP show in Barcelona is
going to be critical.” Anil was still blown away she got into the VIP lunch
on a faulty keycard she somehow reprogrammed on such short notice.

“Anil there’s a bit of a problem. I don’t actually have the VIP conference
ticket…” Ash said.

There was an awkward silence.

“Well, um, you have the, uh, he thinks you’re VIP at least, right? So maybe
just show up in Barcelona and… well, we have a couple weeks to see if we
can locate one of these tickets or reproduce one, let’s not cross the bridge
of failure yet unless we get there and its absolutely necessary.” Anil said.

“Okay, thanks for the info Anil, this will work out. But right now, I need to
go to the hot spring here, toodles!” Ash hung up. Anil felt that pang of
desire hit him again, like a cricket bat, out of thin air. Ash was a beautiful
young woman, but he was still disapproving. He wasn’t attracted to men,
but he was deeply annoyed by his attraction to women. The desires were
an inconvenience. They had always been met with rejection, and had
never amounted to anything more than frustration and disappointment.
Try as he might, he could not rid his mind of thoughts of carnal sin. He
sighed. It was a very flat feeling. Either way, It wasn’t clear what the plan
was next, but he’d see Ash tomorrow at the conference so they could
work things out then.

His Airbnb apartment was small, but extremely comfortable, and came
fully equipped with cleaning amenities, a shower, washing machine and
dryer. Anil was very particular about hygiene, and didn’t want to have to
share his bathroom with anyone, and after looking far and wide for an
Airbnb which suited all of his needs, he finally settled on the apartment in
Kamakura.

After making himself some tea and a tuna cheese sandwich, Anil felt
compelled to go out for another walk. This entire process was emotionally
exhausting. He wanted to find Arnie and Wilma. He wanted to see Ash
again. These feelings of duty, to protect and aid the family he loved and
cared for, weighed on him. He prayed each day for the strength and
resilience to continue, to not abandon hope.

Anil got dressed up in his winter jacket and thermal pants and went
outside, before locking the door to the apartment. He set off down the
road to clear his head.

After a few minutes of walking, he stumbled across a location he didn’t
notice previously.



“伝慶 釣りクラブ (Denkei Fishing Club)”


He peered through the glass window, which overlooked an open
illuminated area with several large pools separated by concrete walkways,
and few handfuls of people. Some were fishing in solitude. Others were
chatting together with beer and sandwiches.

“Ah why not, could be fun” Anil said to nobody in particular, and stepped
inside. There was a self-service dispenser of fishing equipment. Anil paid
the fee and the machine let out a mechanical whirr, before a fishing rod
slipped out from the dispenser, and a little toolbox, presumably with
weights and baits. He went over to one of the smaller pools with only two
people, and sat down on the single plastic crate on one end, with a
cushion strapped to it. He fixed the weight to the line, attached a small
lure, and tossed his line into the pool, packed with colourful fish. It almost
felt a little bit like cheating.
Chapter 5

Day 2 of the conference and Project Indie Mind, was set to begin. Ash was
enjoying the coffee break in between workshops, standing in the main
lobby, conversing with some of the newer delegates. It appeared some
faces that were not present yesterday, had recently arrived to the party
today. It was nice getting to know some of them, their research interests,
and the technologies they were developing. Speakers on workshop topics
explored ideas ranging from AI investigations into time series analysis, to
data analysis optimisation in neural nets, to hypothetical evaluation
beyond quantitative metrics.

The comprehensive range of speakers did little to quell Ash’s fears about
her parents’ whereabouts, but there was nothing she could do on that
front now. She spoke with Bessley the night prior, and told her about the
contact with Anil. Bessley was stunned Anil wasn’t captured either, but
grateful to have access to his knowledge and expertise. Bessley brought
Anil into the picture and updated him with all the information they had so
far, the plan was to finish the conference, and then return to Stockholm to
prepare for the WR private showing with Warga.

Ash was busy introducing herself to another delegate, before she was
interrupted by Kozue.

“Hello, may I speak with you a moment?” Kozue offered politely. Ash was
cornered, and not in a position to refuse.

“Hi! Yes, absolutely! It is wonderful to meet you Dr Matsuuchi!” Ash
replied. Kozue gestured for Ash to go into open space

“Why don’t we come over here, I’m feeling a bit crowded” Kozue began.
They had a pocket of space to talk without being overheard. Ash felt her
face heat up. She wasn’t sure how this was going to go, was her cover
blown?

Kozue looked very concerned. Her thing brows furrowed in uncertainty as
she looked at Ash, her small, black eyes filled with melancholy.

“Many moons ago, I used to see your father, Ash”

Ash’s heart sank.

“I’m really sorry, I…” Ash was floored by the revelation. “Please allow me
to explain…”
“That’s ok Ash. We met in a bar in Shibuya, in 2010. At the time, he was
going strong with Wilma, but I was unaware of it. He said he was in Japan
on business, scoping out the research landscape and innovations here,
looking to make connections, and learn about all the latest technologies
and techniques in Japanese machine learning engineering.”

Kozue sat on the wall ledge behind Ash, and slipped off her high heels.

“Fuck these are uncomfortable” she muttered. “Your father’s charm was
something I’d never experienced before. I had been seeing a man when
your father approached me, but speaking to Arnie, when I gazed into his
eyes, and admired his aura, all I could think about was how much this man
represented something that was so sorely lacking in my life. It felt like a
special kind of intimacy, something intimate, soft, blissful. I was
completely captivated, and your father knew this, I think. The next day, he
took me to the Ginzan Onsen for our first date, and he ignited in me,
feelings I thought I would never have again.”

Kozue looked into the crowd of delegates wistfully, deeply reminiscent.

“Arnbjorn stayed with me at my house for two months. I thought it was
going to be a lasting happiness, my happiness, that fate had brought me. I
wondered if something more serious was on the cards for our relationship,
maybe even marriage. But after returning to Stockholm, he finally told me
he had a family, and he didn’t want to break it apart, with a new
relationship which could devastate his daughter”

“Sometime later, I heard about the LS-000 lab in Sweden making news
headlines, and their team included a younger Indian man, and a woman
who had the same last name as Arnbjorn. Wilma Bergman.” Kozue looked
to Ash. “You have the same eyes as your mother, that’s how I knew you
were their daughter.”

Ash was so shell shocked, she struggled to speak. She couldn’t believe
that her father was a cheater, and cheated on Wilma when Ash was just a
little girl. A torrent of emotion swept through her, she felt sick in the
stomach. And nauseous. Like she wanted to faint.

“Ash?” Kozue asked, visibly apologetic. She took Ash by the hand.

“Are you alright? I’m so sorry to tell you this. I just…. I had to come speak
to you, to find out how Arnbjorn was doing. How is your father?” Kozue
asked.

Ash just came out straight with the truth.

“My father is missing, Kozue” she said. “I’m looking to find out what
happened to him”
Kozue looked ashen.

“I’m really sorry to hear that. Please let me know if there’s anything I can
do to help. I’d love to see your father again one day.” Kozue retrieved
from her inner blazer pocket a letter addressed to Ash, sealed in an
envelope.

“Please read that letter if you need further questions answered. Contact
me at any time, my details are in there too.” Kozue added.

“I need to go do the announcements, I’ll maybe see you later on Ash.
Have a good day.”

Kozue reluctantly slipped on her heels again and walked off into the
crowd. A couple of minutes later she gave her announcement on the
loudspeaker, and everyone filtered off into the different rooms and floors
of the convention centre building.

Ash placed the letter in her briefcase, and found herself losing track of her
thoughts again, as the time was flying by. Soon enough it was the
afternoon session, and Shuchang Zhao was nowhere to be seen. At this
point she had to assume that he had left the conference, and would no
longer be attending for the duration of the event.

For her afternoon session, Ash sat in the Jericho theatre watching an
interactive American demonstration of a breakthrough new neural net
built into an exoskeleton, specialized in predictive modelling and
adaptation to human motion. The skeleton picked up neuromuscular
signals travelling in the spine and acted in a stabilising and enhancing
capacity, to either increase momentum, decrease momentum,
counterbalance, etc. The exoskeleton was light, and oriented for
anatomical design. It actually looked quite aesthetic, and not too bulky or
uncomfortable.

There were five exoskeletons set up for people to try, and delegates
filtered through one at a time. When It was Ash’s turn, she noticed the
exoskeleton had a stilt-like base, elevating your feet off the floor a few
centimetres. She stepped into the stilt base, and felt the supportive leg
braces softly line themselves up against the outside of her legs, and the
main keypad softly fold around her hip. The metallic spinal wiring pressed
against her spine before locking smoothy in place. The arm tip rested
against the tip of her spine near the atlas bone, pressed gently against
the head. She felt the conductive adhesive against her skin, it was cold
but soft, pleasant even.

Ash allowed herself to sway forward and back, and felt the internal
gyroscope stabilising her movements automatically. This was a very
unnatural feeling, almost like a robot was taking control of her movement.
The length of the segmented arm fixed on her spine adjusted for her
height and the shape of the spine accordingly. The design was brilliant,
Ash felt suddenly so physically powerful.

“Okay now, can I ask your name?” The researcher said.

“Marianne! This is really interesting what you have here.” Ash replied, she
threw a shadow punch. To her absolute surprise, the skeleton accelerated
the punch significantly, and almost threw Ash off balance, before it auto
corrected its position again.

“Holy SHIT, this is fucking crazy!” Ash cried out, in a state of exhilaration.
She threw a few more jabs, the skeleton felt like it was doubling her
momentum at the very least, she wanted to step into the ring with a
heavyweight boxer.

The researcher laughed. “Glad you like it!” he grinned. “My name is
Stanley Torrens, I’m the lead designer and builder of the skeleton, this
model is called the XMM112, Exoskeleton Mass Momentum, Prototype
112. It actually goes with a virtual reality set to help you practice getting
accustomed to the mechanics in different scenarios. He flicked on the
holographic projector, a lucid three-dimensional illustration appeared in
the upper space of the room, and he broke down the component pieces of
skeleton.

“… the momentum boosting is thanks to the AI programming able to
incorporate electrical stimulation to modulate muscle cell biochemistry as
it sees appropriate, with helps in coordination with the gyroscope system
to stabilise you in case of falling down or off balance. In the case of
increased momentum and force, such as in combat sports, the system is
also built with shock collection circuits to ensure elevated forces exerted
on any part of the body while using this exoskeleton, do not rupture
muscle, ligament or bone or cause tissue or organ damage. So, it’s a very
safety-oriented construction”

The crowd was fixated. Stanley was clearly very proud of himself.

“We anticipate the uses will be far reaching. There will be a number of
different avenues we anticipate the skeleton will fit the market need
perfectly and provide the best current value proposition. Firstly, of course,
the obvious example is of geriatric care. This skeleton can help improve
their independent day to day living, as well as completely eliminate falls
and bumps, due to the gyroscopic stabilisation coupled with
neuromuscular control mechanisms designed to provide support where
natural body systems fail, for example in losing consciousness. In
addition, we anticipate the skeleton to have versatile military applications,
able to assist soldiers in traversal across all terrains, lowering energy
expenditure, and increasing survival rate of soldiers in warfare. These
exoskeletons can also be accessorized with anti-ballistic armour plating,
for a truly incredible machine of war. Third of course is the commercial
popularity, pending legislative review of our product and its safety to be
used as a recreational product. And then our final target market will be
competitive sports, we would like to see the exoskeleton used as the gold
standard for non-natural sporting organisations worldwide.”

Ash pressed the release node button at her upper hip, and the spinal arm
detached itself from her spinal column, and folded neatly into itself, and
rebalanced itself automatically, ready for the next person to step into it.

Stanley was off to the side as his three assistants were helping people in
and out of the exoskeletons. As he stood flicking through his notebook,
Ash thought he looked like the most regular guy ever, he had that goofy-
but-charming-lead-actor-in-every-romantic-comedy-ever energy she found
endearing. Hugh Grant-esque energy.

“Hey Stanley!” Ash chimed in.

“Oh, hi Marianne! So lovely to meet you. How were your first two days at
the conference?” he replied.

“Same old same old. I’ll tell you what though, lucky I stumbled across you
and your robotic exoskeleton because I was starting to think this
conference was going to bore me to death with no fun new stuff, you
know what I mean?” She laughed, smacking him on the shoulder. Stanley
looked flustered.

Are you flirting with me…? he wondered, feeling an onset of butterflies in
his stomach.

“What made you decide to pursue engineering?” She asked.

“Oh, it was my family growing up. I had a family full of aerospace
engineers, they wanted me to pursue the same thing, maybe even
becoming an astronaut, all that jazz, they wanted it to be on the cards. I
don’t know, I suppose I just went with what my family pushed me to do,
ended up having fun with it, and started realising how much potential for
growth and change there is out there, you know?” Stanley said. Ash was
nodding in appreciation.

“Like, I don’t know, there’s just something about programming and
building, creating these machines capable of inhuman things, and
knowing that I could be able to utilize that kind of power to create
something that helps others, that feels really good. Good for the soul. I
know there’s a lot of division out there on like, an infinite number of
different things. The world is a shitty place and everyone hates each
other, yada yada. I just wanna put a cap on some of that anger and
replace it with fun and creativity with my designs.”
Stanley spoke so fondly of it all. She liked seeing him smile. It just felt, like
this special thing. Like a mouse munching a piece of cheese.

“Your enthusiasm reminds me of a mouse finding cheese” she told him.
Wait, what the fuck did she just say? Jesus! Ash turned red with
embarrassment. Stanley found it hilarious. She felt a bit more at ease. It
was a really pleasant conversation with Stanley. Ash really wanted to see
him again. She got his phone number, and made sure to give him hers,
thanks to the Japanese sim card she remembered to get earlier that
morning.

That was a wonderful finish to the second day. While Project Indie Mind
was put on hold until Ash could find out more from Warga at the
automotive show on New Year’s Eve, Ash decided to seize the day, and
enjoyed the ride back to Hashinami with Watanabe, where they sang
together in the car, in high spirits and enthusiasm.

After reaching Hashinami, Ash felt a burst of desire to see Stanley again,
and contemplated whether or not it would be a wise decision to call him
immediately. She figured there were a whole lot of options of things to do
in the city. It was Tokyo after all, the largest metropolitan city in the
world, with Tokyo and the surrounding suburbs home to over thirty million
people.. For the short time she had been in Japan, she hadn’t actually
made plans for herself. She should be enjoying the experience too.
Bessley and ESI paid for this whole thing, and she was going to make use
of it. And it wasn’t as if she wasn’t allowed to hang out with other people
or meet new friends.

Ash grabbed the travel guide from her bedside table at Hashinami, and
flicked through the things to do in Tokyo.

There were fishing centres, fish markets, karaoke, sports and recreation
venues including baseball strike and pitch machines, arcade malls, all
around just in the vicinity of the hotel. She could go to Harajuku, Ginza,
Shibuya or any of the other world-famous tourist destinations. There was
so much choice, she struggled to figure out what to do. Ash took her
phone, got up Stanley’s number on it, and held her finger over the “Call”
button.

“Hey Stanley!” she practiced quickly.

“Ahh no too enthusiastic.” Ash tried something softer.

“Hey Stanley, I was wondering if….” She stopped.

“Shit, too depressing”

She tried something in between.
“Hey Stanley, I know this is short notice, but would you be free tonight to
hang out around Shinjuku?”

Perfect. Maybe. Shit. She hit the call button; you only live once. It rang
twice before Stanley picked up.

“Oh, hey Marianne! Great to hear from you!”

“I need to be honest my name’s actually Ash, but I got nervous when you
asked sorry”

“Haha that’s okay! Alright then. What’s up?”

“Stanley, listen, I don’t know if you’re busy tonight, but I have no one to
hang out with and wondered if you maybe wanted to join me in Akihabara
for an adventure?”

Ash dreaded what he might say next.

“Oh shit, yea I’m totally down for that, how about Infront of the Katsuya
shop at Shibuya Crossing?”

Ash felt a flood of relief.

“Okay yea! I’m leaving now, I’m like a 20 minute walk away. Is that ok?”

“Yea perfect! I live really close too, see you in maybe 35 minutes!”
Stanley hung up.

Ash was over the moon. She went to the bathroom to double check her
hairstyle and freshen up, brushed out her hair and did a skin cleanse, and
some light eyeliner. She got dressed in her green down jacket and grey
beanie, and headed out towards the Shibuya Crossing.

The street walk was very frosty, but soon enough Ash got into a rhythm,
and managed to forget about the cold, just taking one step a time, left
foot, right foot, one after the other. She noticed all the little passing cars,
so many of them so cubic in nature, the metallic frames clinking along at
a gentle pace. When she blurred her eyes, the cityscape almost looked
like a two-dimensional animation, through the snow falling into her eyes,
and the little square and rectangular cars moving uniformly across her
field of vision.

Ash decided she did not like the cold anymore. At least the biting cold.
Fifteen degrees was preferable. But if she was to have a choice between a
0 degree Tokyo and a 50 degree Dubai, she would still pick Tokyo. The
biting cold was a last case preference scenario situation for Ash, she just
wanted to go someplace warm right now. Hell, Iceland was probably best,
with an average summer temperature of 12 degrees. Frosty year round!
After the 20 minutes or so of walking she arrived at the entrance to the
Katsuya shop, and Stanley was already there. He was dressed in a navy
blue coat, a black vest, cream chinos, and a red scarf. How cute.

“Ash!” he hugged her warmly. Literally, since she was freezing cold.

“Thanks for the invite, to be honest I was kind of feeling a bit meh today
after the conference, your call really lifted my mood. Where should we
go?”

“Let’s get some katsu chicken first, I’m starving!” Ash replied.

They walked up the street and settled on a little ramen shop called
Mamaga Uchi. They had to wait a while to get inside, and stood behind the
long line, getting dusted off with snow. Ash and Stan bounced around and
did some squats to stay warm. Eventually, after a ten minute wait, they
were finally let inside.

Ash ordered some Katsu chicken curry, while Stanley got himself a
Tonkotsu hotpot. The shop was a stereotypical hole in the wall kind of
affair, but in a quirky way. It was, ironically enough, in between a Mos
Burger and a McDonalds, so it was assured that most customers would be
of a slightly less fine-dining-oriented demographic, and would probably
only notice Mamaga Uchi upon deciding to either go for a McDonalds or
Mos Burger quick feast, before spontaneously deciding that no, in fact,
this time they’d go for something in the middle. This time they’d go for
the healthy option, the Ramen restaurant.

The food was incredibly delicious, and it was only by chance when Ash
was sharing photos with Stanley that she decided to google the venue (It
seemed altogether too inconspicuous to be this wonderful), when she
found out that Mamaga Uchi was in fact a Michelin starred restaurant, and
an icon of the Shibuya culinary landscape. That explained it! No wonder
there was a line outside, and no wonder there looked to be so much care,
so much refinement in the process she could see in the open kitchen
window at the rear of the room.

Gentle hip hop music hummed along in the background, and Ash and
Stanley sat together in the corner booth near the window, inspecting the
shoes of the passers-by on the elevated sidewalk above their cosy little
spit.

“Stan, do you ever wonder if god is really watching us?”

“Mm, I think so. Maybe.” Stan replied

“I hope so. I wanna believe every good deed in life is rewarded. Maybe not
in the same life, but in another. I’ve tried to be a good person in my life,
living guided by compassion. But then I see how much shit is out there,
how many evil people are out there doing inhuman evil to others, and
they get away with it just fine. Ahhhh. It makes me wonder how different
my life might have been, if I was a cold, hard, bitch, you know?”

Stanley laughed. “Ahh I could never see you being a cold hard bitch Ash,
you’re too much of a sweetie pie for that” he winked with a cheeky grin.

“Hey I gotta ask, feel free to skip this question, but I am curious, with your
exoskeletons, you ever think of doing something crazy with them? I don’t
know, robbing a bank, beating someone up, you never know!”

“Well, to be honest, I’ve got way too many prototypes to keep track of, it
just becomes a hassle cataloguing them all, so I only stay up to date with
the most recent models. But I have some older ones that are still
functional, could probably get a good amount of force out of them,
breaking walls and stuff like that. And before you ask, yes, I’ve tried to be
the superhero breaking brick walls, and the skeleton does work haha”

“Well, I wasn’t sure if that seemed like a dumb question but I guess you
answered it” Ash chuckled.

She moved from sitting across Stanley to the spot next to him.

“Is it ok if I hug you? I’m way too cold right now.” Ash asked.

“Of course, Ash”

Ash gently embraced Stanley, taking his hand in hers. She let her fingers
drift across his wrist and palm, slowly moving up and down, and in circular
motions, back to his fingertips. She didn’t look up at him, she just
appreciated the touch, it felt right, natural.

“Next question: Do you believe in an ever-changing life made up of your
choices, or do you believe fate is already written for us?”

“Hmm. I’ve always been of the opinion that fate is already written for us.
Not in the way you’d expect though, I’ll tell you why.” Stanley chuckled.
“I’ve thought about this a lot Ash, be prepared! For an extremely nerdy
response!”

Ash giggled. This was fun.

“This may be overly simplistic of a view here, but I like thinking about it in
this way. When we think of the universe, we think of a beginning, and an
end. Depending on which additional theories you may believe in, there
could be multiple universes, different models of its construction, yada
yada. But yea, for all intents and purposes, a beginning and an end. So, at
the beginning, if you are inside the universe, the future is still full of
different options you can take, an infinite number of options. But here’s
the special thing about the past, you see…. There is only one past. While
you were living It, there were an infinite number of possible things that
could happen, but after they happen, the past is set in stone, as only one
series of events. So…. Long story short, once the universe finishes, and
you look at the complete history, there is only one history. One set of
choices. Everyone’s choices.”

Stanley took a long swig from his coke.

“Ahh delicious. So! One history to me represents one fate, a set of choices
that we have already made, and are waiting for time to catch up to them”
Stanley finished, flourishing with his other hand dramatically.

Ash let her head fall into his jacket.

“You’re really nice Stan.”

“Thanks Ash. You are too” He replied, embracing Ash again “Hey, how
would you feel about going to the arcade?”

“Oh, that would actually be so fun! Let’s do it!”

Ash suddenly had a burst of energy. They bundled their cutlery, plates
and serviettes together onto the carry plate, and Ash took him by the
hand as they walked out. The hustle and bustle of the city streets was not
yet lost, and the cling clang of motor vehicle suspension rang in their ears
as they quickly ran over to the underground metro, for a quick ride to
Akihabara.

The subway was as exactly as jam packed as they say it would be in the
west. But the tidiness, care and effectiveness of the subway staff was
absolutely impeccable too, also exactly as is reputed to be the case. As
they jumped into a carriage, Ash soon found her nose pressing into
Stanley’s chest, to Stanley’s great amusement. He leaned down to her
ear,

“I see you’re comfortable there, little Miss Muffet”

She hit him playfully in the shoulder.

They exited at the Akihabara stop and Ash quickly googled where to find
the Sega Arcade centre. It wasn’t that long of a walk, only 8 minutes, until
they got inside.

Ash was stunned by all the latest gaming technology on display, with
swirling action packed holograms, neon lighting, exorbitant gaming stands
and arcade party games, and brand new video game consoles, all lined up
and down the giant factory floor of the SEGA arcade.
Ash and Stan only spent an hour in the arcade, before Ash lost most of her
energy and felt the sleepiness slowly starting to overcome her. She
wanted to go rest back at Hashinami, it had been enough adventuring for
one day. But she didn’t want to disappoint Stan or make him think like he
messed something up.

“Hey Stan” Ash turned his chin with her hand towards her. Her sparkling
hazel eyes looked up towards him, with puppy like affection. Rock music
was playing somewhere audibly in the distance. Ash leaned up towards
him, closing her eyes, and gave him a tender, intimate kiss. He took her
by the waist and pulled her in closer. They shared a blissful moment
together, and Ash and Stanley, in that moment, felt like the warmth of the
world had been shared with their hearts and souls.
Chapter 6

Shuchang Zhao entered his ground floor Tianhe office with two
pharmacists in tow, detailing to him the latest quarterly figures, outlining
the latest expenditures and profits Hale Labs was processing in their
financial ecosystem. He was satisfied with the state of affairs; following
the last quarterly report, Zhao found that Hale Labs broke into the top 50
most highly valued stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. Not only that,
new sponsorship and research grant programmes he had offered had
given Hale Labs a much more positive reputation in the public eye, and
earned the favours of local and national media seeking to make a quick
click hit on a major company going to great lengths to prioritise its
philanthropic efforts.

“Boss, also, our team is still working on an integration cocktail to stop the
deaths. We are getting longer survival times, but still fatality rate is
100%” One pharmacist said.

Zhao took out the ice cubes from the fridge and cracked three of them
into his whisky, before taking a swig.

“Success will come. Now go.” He sent them away, and sat down at his
desk. He remembered how much there was still to do, and resented the
fact he had no immediate control over it. He resented the fact he could
not get things done immediately. Especially when research progress was
delayed, because he simply did not know what was going wrong, or what
he needed to fix and improve.

Zhao didn’t even know where his impatience came from in his middle age.
In his days as a Sea Dragon Commando, he trained in gruelling tactical
regimes in both psychological and physical torment, destroying his body
and mind. Eventually, he would rise from the ashes from physical
destruction, rebuilt from the ground up through suffering. Hardened,
impenetrable and a master of his body and mind. Those were the training
goals of the Sea Dragon Commandos. And yet here he stood, twenty years
after passing his training, an angry old man, unable to fix a problem that
was driving him mad.

The neural transcription software still wasn’t working with his atlas cable,
and he couldn’t figure out why. He didn’t know if it was in the cables, or if
it was in the code, or some other issue. The only signals the atlas cable
was providing from patients was blurry neon on the screen, and a
rumbling, drum like audio.

Atlas cables came at a steep price. They were the latest high speed data
transfer cable utilising high frequency quantum operating silicon chips
and thermally stable polymer cables. They couldn’t possibly be the
problem.

The only possible explanation was that he didn’t have a powerful enough
system to decode the data.

Zhao booted up his computer and loaded up some of the trial reports and
scanned through the numbers. Another person came in through the door.

“Hey Boss I know you went to Tokyo to check what’s out there at the
conference, but I think you left a little bit too early.” The woman said. “I
think we’ve found someone who can help us.”

“Well, don’t keep me in suspense Jing”

“Stanley Torrens from MIT, lead robotics engineer running his own team. I
think it may be useful to contact him.” She replied.

“Ok send him standard PR with an invite, hold off on offers and contracts
until I say so”

“Yes, right away sir”

Jing left and closed the door behind her.

Zhao googled Stanley Torrens. 312,000 results. This was a known man.
Graduated from MIT in 2023, worked for 2 years in private contracting for
the military, before starting his own business manufacturing exoskeletons
and industrial mechs. Numerous awards and competitions, Dean’s List at
MIT, cross country runner.

Zhao clicked open the schedule for the conference again, and went to find
Stanley’s presentation that he missed.

“Gyro-stabilised momentum amplifier exoskeleton; A demonstration”

He looked up the documentation detailing the operating system and
mechanics of the skeleton. It was refined work, Zhao was impressed.
Perhaps it would be valuable for him to organise a meeting with Stanley
Torrens, to see how much he could bring. In the current political climate
leading up to the election, his work was going to be critical in maintaining
stability on the ground.

Zhao closed his laptop and put it into his top desk drawer. He needed a
boost, now was a good time to hit the gym. He had been slacking, and it
was starting to take its toll. He felt softer and weaker, which frustrated
him even more.
Zhao grabbed his gym bag and headed out of Hale Labs to the other side
of the street. The gym was a 25-minute walk, but Zhao needed it. The
cars were packing along the street as always, as is expected of China, but
he didn’t mind. Zhao remembered twenty years ago during his training,
being dropped into an underground, underwater cavern while blindfolded,
and being tasked with surviving the twenty four hour journey to the exit,
where a camp and his Sea Dragon officers would be waiting. Every Sea
Dragon Commando had to undertake the trek, through often
treacherously narrow caves, with unknown, dangerous sea creatures, the
all- important quest for water and for food, and the critical importance of
moving as much as possible not to fall to hypothermia and inevitable
death.

Zhao cleared the cavern on that day, but had a life-or-death encounter
with a shark which he barely escaped from, and left him with post-
traumatic stress he struggled with for many years.

The encounter with the shark was the very moment he realised the
fragility and weakness of the human body and mind, it was the moment
where Zhao started wondering, dreaming even, of escaping from his body
and transforming into something beyond that of a human, a refined,
unbreakable machine human hybrid, which wouldn’t be subject to the
whims and forces of biological caprice and degeneration. Zhao resented
the idea of getting old, and it filled him with a unique blend of anger and
fear, propagated by the knowledge of how much his own parents suffered
in their advanced age.

The fusion of man and machine was the only way forward, the
evolutionary end goal he envisioned, and set his life’s ambitions on
achieving. And beyond that, digital consciousness, without the weakness
of human flesh.

His sister had afforded him the right opportunity at the right time, when
she had met a businessman on a plane flight to Europe, in first class. He
introduced himself as Michael Hale. Wealthy as Michael was, his pouty,
opulent constitution left much to be desired in the way of authority, Zhao
found it all too easy to intimidate and manipulate him. He convinced
Michael to open a new pharmaceutical lab in China as part of his Asian
branch of operations. Zhao assuring Hale the market dependencies and
consumer demand were the perfect environment for his pharmaceutical
company to thrive in this new financial ecosystem. Hale agreed.

Hale Labs really found a powerful marketing niche and managed to hit its
stride early on, securing millions in profits as time went on. It became a
commercial and philanthropic success, providing public social and
financial programmes instrumental to its reputation as a proud supporter
of disadvantaged communities and low socio-economic areas.
Then, Michael decided one day on a whim, he’d had enough and wanted
to retire. He had made enough fortune for the next 10 generations, and
didn’t want to be a part of the stress and company workload anymore.
Zhao had spent the last years building, maintaining and solidifying a
connection and relationship with Michael, and his efforts finally came to
fruition. Hale offered Zhao executive control of Hale Laboratories, but
Zhao refused. There was too much at stake in his life, for Zhao to risk
putting himself up as a public figure who would be under so much
scrutiny. He argued that he would only take the reins, if Hale maintained
the mantle at the head of the company, and remained the public face,
while Zhao could make use of the money and infrastructure to grow his
own ambitions and business desires. The duo reached an accord, and the
partnership was cemented. Hale remained the ever-benevolent leader,
while Zhao worked behind the scenes to front a new generation of
machine innovation hidden from the public eye.

It was in this optimistic reminiscence that Zhao entered the street gym, in
a dark hoodie, ready for his first leg day in a month. He dropped his duffel
bag in one of the lockers, retrieved his towel, and walked over to the
nearest leg press machine for some warm up stretches and sets.

The music was loud. Unusually so, especially for a gym. Most people came
in their own headphones so the gym music was just a gentle tune in the
background, but on this occasional the electronic dance music was
pounding full blast. Zhao was in the middle of loading up a several
hundred-kilogram leg press for one of his hardest sets, when someone
approached him and sat down on his machine right Infront of him.

This didn’t sit well with Zhao. Not this time. Zhao was not in the right
mood for this. It was a young man, shorter than him, but inflated by
steroids to proportions of a balloon animal. Zhao didn’t even think twice,
before winding up a monstrous kick, and letting it loose upon the man’s
chest. He collapsed to the floor, heavily winded, and unable to fight. Zhao
picked him up by the scruff of his shirt.


不要 他媽的 偷 機器…(Do not fucking steal machines…)

he angrily grunted into the man’s ear.

None of the other ten people in the gym had any reaction. The young man
was too dazed and intimidated to fight back, he backed away from Zhao
like a fearful dog. Zhao watched him as he walked to the exit. The man
put on his long trousers and puffer jacket, grabbed his bag, and exited the
gym.

“Fucking punk” Zhao muttered to himself. He continued his workout,
sweating away all his aggravations and annoyances, trying to tire himself
out so he would be in a more relaxed state of mind.
The woman who told Zhao about Stanley Torrens, Jing, wrote a message
to Anil, to let him know about what she had shared with Zhao. Zhao was
going to attempt to recruit Torrens, and to what end, Jing was not able to
predict, but she knew Anil had to warn him, so he knew what he was
getting himself into.

Anil was online at the time and got the message immediately. He phoned
Ash at 2am in the morning.

“Hey Ash listen I need to tell you something really important” he began.
“You know that guy from the conference, Stanley Torrens?”

Ash was currently in Stanley’s apartment in his bed.

“Yes, I think I remember the guy you mean”

“Okay Ash so I got word Zhao is going to try to recruit Stanley to work for
him, or I don’t know, he wants some help building something, working on
his bio integration technology, I think this will be the perfect opportunity
for us to get closer with Stan, maybe he can help us”

You can’t really get much closer with someone than having sex on the
first date, Ash thought. She chuckled.

“Okay, I’ll see what I can do, I’ll try to find him tomorrow. Please don’t
stress Anil. We have time until Warga’s private viewing, like, a couple of
weeks at least, so you don’t need to be all jumpy man, things are going to
work out I promise”.

“Ash, you know I want to find your father as much as you do”

“Yes I know Anil, I can’t tell you how much that means to me. But at this
instant there is absolutely nothing we can do to change anything, we still
have to wait to take action no matter what, so you just need to hakuna
matata and enjoy yourself for some days, before we need to do anything
again. Also its 2am, you should get some sleep Anil, we will talk about this
tomorrow ok?”

Anil was disappointed. “Ok Ash I understand.”

She hung up. He felt a weight press down on his heart. He lay in his futon
thinking about Arnie and Wilma, wondering, hoping they were still alive.
Tomorrow would be another day.

When the sun rose, Ash was already up and about making coffee and
breakfast, and Stanley was checking his emails. One of the new emails in
his inbox was from Hale Labs. He clicked to open it.

“Dr Torrens,
Hale Laboratories would like to extend an invitation for you to our facilities
in China. We have been following your work with great interest and would
like to open discussion on your consideration to formulate a research
collaboration. We have booked you a flight to Guangzhou, China from
Tokyo, tomorrow afternoon. If you need this time slot changed please let
us know as soon as possible.”

Thanking you,
Hale Laboratories”

Wow, that’s unexpected, he thought. How generous!

“Hey Ash? Come take a look at this” he called out. “I got an interesting
email.”

Ash was at his desk three seconds later. Ash scanned the email. Shit. Anil
was right, Zhao is trying to recruit Stanley.

“Stan that’s great! I wonder what they want. Sounds like a great
professional opportunity” Ash remarked.

“Well shit, guess I better-”

“Stanley wait,” Ash interrupted him. “There’s something you need to
know about Hale Labs. I have reason to believe they’re involved in
something dangerous that affects my family. I can’t tell you right now
what that is. I don’t know what they are wanting from you, but I would
appreciate it if you took the time to ask as many questions as you can, try
to find out what kind of stuff Hale might be doing under the table, and just
let me know anything you can find on them, any dirt”

“Ash… what? Affects your family? What on earth do you mean?” Stanley
was shocked.

“I don’t wanna talk about it at the moment, just promise me you’ll try to
find out everything you can.

“Okay Ash, I promise I will” Stanley said, embracing her. She pulled away.

 “I need to get ready for the conference. Thanks for allowing me to stay
here it was really fun. Later tonight maybe you can join me at my hotel for
a change of scenery, I wanna take you to the hot springs.” She said.

Ash left soon after, and since Stanley’s presentations for the conference
were finished, he decided to stay home at his Airbnb to do some work.

The day had passed in a blink, as had the romantic evening in the hot
springs with Ash. Stanley soon found himself boarding 3am Air China flight
to Guangzhou. Shortly before leaving, he had made sure to give Ash his
private email, so she could contact him some time in the future. He didn’t
want to forget about her, and the beautiful experiences they had. He felt
like there was something there, something he wanted to return to in time.

But for now, it was time to move onto a new part of life His
communication with Hale Labs thus far was both cryptic and extremely
exciting, and the next destination in the experience was only a few short
hours away.

The 5-hour flight was manageable in business class, but it left a lot to be
desired in the realm of noise control. Stanley wasn’t sure if he had just
picked a bad day to fly, or if there was some kind of greater social
migration going on, it seemed like an incredible number of families all
together on the same plane heading towards Guangzhou and the Chinese
mainland. There were lots of flights available too, so he knew it wasn’t just
his plane. It made him seriously re-evaluate his opinions on children,
marriage, having a family, and all the jazz. It just seemed like so much
hassle. He never realised how much he valued his privacy and personal
silence, and sound cancelling headphones, until he got on this flight with
so many families with screaming children. He was so deeply appreciative
he didn’t have to take off the headphones at any point. He had no
commitment to a little bastard child that would constantly be doing
everything in its power to incense him to the brink of his will and sanity.
No obligations. Just silence, peace and freedom. It was actually amazing,
and he felt a wave of satisfaction wash over him.

After arriving at the airport in Guangzhou, Stanley managed to duck and
weave his way through the crowds and eventually found himself at the
taxi rank, where he faced the mildly confusing puzzle of determining
which set of metal railings led towards the actual taxi cabs, since they
were inaccessible directly, presumably due to the sheer quantities of
people jostling to get one before anyone else. The system looked like it
was designed to filter a whole lot of people at any given point in time. Yet
today it looked remarkably quiet, in all the railing space, a mere ten
people were shuffling through to get to the cars. He picked a lane and
followed it.

He settled on a driver named Bingwen. The reason he knew this was not
because he asked, but because the drivers name was actually stuck onto
the outside, with a silhouetted photo next to it. When Stanley got into the
passenger seat. The photo was properly visible on the inside. Name on the
out, photo on the in. What an interesting way of identification. Just before
getting off the plane he double checked the location of Hale Labs.

113G+A3P Xiadong Road, in the industrial zone of Tianhe. This system
was one of the weirdest street and location labelling systems he had ever
seen in his life. But it at least was strictly mathematical and easily
understandable to the Chinese. Or so it seemed anyway.
Driving through Guangzhou was much like driving through any other
major metropolis, save for perhaps the giant glass sculptures scattered
throughout the main city streets, wrapping around street poles, buildings,
rooftops, and trees. What on earth were they for? They seemed to almost
be like a holiday theme for an entire city. The sculptures were all
illuminated from the inside, showcasing chaotic visual projections, almost
like those he’d seen on his many days tripping acid in college. It looked
like there was water flowing through them too. Artistic piece?
Infrastructure piece? Surveillance tool of some sort? Stan couldn’t tell. But
it felt like some kind of dark, dystopian city scape he didn’t want to be a
part of.

They pulled up eventually to Hale Laboratories. On the outside it was a
very large, factory or warehouse looking place, comprising multiple floors,
and on the inside, it was even more unremarkable. Plain coloured pasty
walls, some basic Arial lettering at the reception office saying HALE
LABORATORIES, and no art pieces, no installations of any kind, just basic
office equipment, desks, computers, and stationary. The interior design
was so generic, you could place anyone in the middle of the offices and
ask them where they were in the world, and they probably wouldn’t be
able to tell you.

Ash approached the reception desk, and tried to catch eye contact from
the middle aged receptionist, tapping away rapidly at her keyboard.

“Hi I’m Stanley Torrens, I was invited here via email, let me just pull it up
for you”

Stanley reached for his phone, wanting to pull out the email to show the
receptionist the details, but she got up out of her chair and said in perfect
American English. “There’s no need Mr Torrens. You will be seeing Mr
Zhao, on the ground floor. Let me lead you to his office. He is already
waiting for you.”

Well, talk about expedience, Stanley thought. He assumed he would be
seeing Michael Hale himself.

As they walked through the gloomy corridor, Stanley coughed slightly. He
felt something in the back of his throat. Some kind of allergy. He coughed
again to try to get it out. It stuck there, grating against his oesophagus,
and he grunted in frustration, trying to hold back his anger.

“Sorry Ma’am, I didn’t catch your name?” Stanley asked.

“It’s Jing. Right this way Mr Torrens”

Jing stepped Infront of a large, clean door which was a different colour to
all the rest, a slightly darker, cleaner shade of brown, with pristine glass
lining. It looked to have been lacquered. She opened it, and invited him to
step through.

“Thanks Jing!” He said cheerfully, as Jing closed the door behind him.
Zhao was sitting with his back to Michael, but quickly turned around in his
chair, before stepping up to give Stanley a handshake.

The very first thing Stanley noticed was the musculature of the man’s
body, his neck in particular. Zhao looked like he had the power of an ox in
his neck alone. He was smiling cordially, but his teeth were an off colour,
they looked possibly like implants.

“Mr Torrens, wonderful to meet you. I am Zhao, I sent out the invitation.
So glad you could come on such short notice.” He began.

“Totally no problem, I was finished up at the AI conference in Tokyo, so
you really caught me at the right time.”

Zhao went to the glass cabinet and popped it open to get out some gin.

“Can I offer you a gin and tonic?”

The grating in Stanley’s throat was dry. Maybe he could wash it down?

“Oh, yes thanks that would be lovely”

Zhao poured both of them glasses of gin, and retrieved a colourful yellow
and green bottle of tonic water from the fridge under the cabinet. He
pulled out the cracked cork from inside with a loud pop, before pouring
some for them both. Out of the little drawer he retrieved a small knife,
and from the fruit bowl on the table took a lime, to cut out some slices. He
dropped two into each glass, and mixed them both with a teaspoon
briefly. Zhao handed the finished product to Stanley.

“Oh wow, that’s so nice! Looks really good. Cheers”

They dinged their glasses together, and Stanley took a sip. It was much
more delicious than he anticipated. It was like a smooth wave of flavour
that rolled across the tongue, no acerbic or intense notes.

“This is some kind of magic gin! Absolutely delicious” Stanley laughed,
and almost finished his entire drink in one gulp.

“Please sit, Mr Torrens. There is something I believe you can help me out
with.”

They sat down across from each other separated by Zhao’s large wooden
desk.
“Now, I have heard a lot about the progress you’ve been making with your
prototypes, you’ve been able to construct some incredible things. How
has that been going?”

“Ah, quite well actually. The structural designs are getting smoother and
smoother for each passing model, soon we’ll be able to have even smaller
machines that can be hidden on the body. Right now, I’m working on
shrinking down the size as much as possible, finding compact bio
integrated alternatives to the external system, simplifications and the
like.” Stanley said.

Zhao shifted his weight in his chair.

“What kind of bio integrative engineering have you done in the past?”

“Ahhh, not much honestly, these are kind of my first ventures into the
area. I want to be able to make something out of it, I feel like it has a lot
of potential”

Zhao leaned forward over the desk with clasped hands, chin resting on his
knuckles. He stared, expressionless, at Stanley.
“Mr Torrens, I have to say I agree with you. It’s an area which definitely
has a lot of potential. I myself am looking into it with some of my
associates. Your insight and expertise is something which we would be
very beneficial to us. The reason I brought you here today is because I
wanted to offer you a cooperation”

He remembered what Ash had told him.

“The Chinese population is currently sitting at levels beyond which the
Chinese state can support. After the Civil Wars in 2023, the National
People’s Congress dissolved temporarily, leading to a complete
destabilization and disruption of Chinese society and the infrastructure of
the political landscape. When militant industrial powers re-emerged to
seize government control, the constitution was rewritten, and the National
People’s Congress ultimately regained control under a newly established
pseudo democratic system. I say pseudo because the NPC still had
Chinese media and the flow of information by the balls and it was
impossible to challenge the communists under any dissenting political
campaigns.

Zhao took a pause.

“That was until recently. Polls, forums and social media have been
showing a shift in the Overton window. People are just not supporting the
old ways anymore, they are looking for a change, a revolution. But there
is still division. And current infrastructure just cannot hold this amount of
breathing human meat alive and thriving. The worst part is, there is no
unification on the national front. If we examine each group and subgroup
of Chinese society, we find they have divisive loyalties and interests that
prevent them from standing in resolute opposition to other cultural groups
and greater society”

Zhao was emphatic in his speech.

“So, Stanley… the reason I mention this is, I have been given a state
approved contract by authorities, to work on solutions to this unfavourable
situation. Division and overpopulation. You must understand, the current
political regime is set to be replaced by a newer, younger, technocratic
intelligentsia in the upcoming election. Lead by a colleague of mine, the
founder of the Goro network, Feng Ruo. The election campaign of his will
pave the way for unpredictable change and instability. And instability is
not good for business security, Mr Torrens.”

“What are you saying exactly? What is it that you need from me, how will I
be able to help you?” Stanley asked.

“We are hoping you will be able to create mechanical exoskeletons and
devices to aid the military and police force in maintaining order and unity,
as much as that shall be possible. Until and well after the dust settles from
Feng Ruo’s election.”

Zhao had a look of confidence about him. “Your compensation will be
more than adequate. More than eight figures at the least for initial
prototype development and testing, right here in this building. We offer
payment in crypto or fiat currency, as to your preference.”

Stanley was stunned. Right here in the building? This mostly a dilapidated
office block, what on earth was he expecting?

“With respect, Mr Zhao, in this building? Are the facilities adequate here?”

“You will have everything you need on the lower levels. There is more to
this building than meets the eye” Zhao replied.

A week ago, if Stanley was told he would in seven days be seated in a
Guangzhou office block deliberating over an eight-figure military contract
with a mysterious Chinese businessman, he wouldn’t have believed it. But
here he was, in the moment of deliberation, and he couldn’t decide fully
what he wanted to do. He recalled what Ash had said. She suspected Zhao
was troubling her family in some way, but had not figured out a way to
prove it. She wanted him to find out whatever he could. But the trouble
was, how do you ask someone if they had committed a crime, without
asking if they’d committed a crime? What had Zhao even done? Ash never
specified.

Stanley liked money, he realised that was at the forefront of his thought
process. Obviously, he wanted to help Ash too. But it did involve several
drastic and complete unknowns. While Hale Labs was a well-known entity,
he had no idea what he could expect from Zhao and whatever he wanted
Stanley to build for him.

“What kind of money are we talking here?” he asked.

“Ten million US dollars, wire transferred immediately to an account of
your choice upon agreement. We are asking for a few weeks work. More
only if it is to your liking. Mr Torrens, please take 24 hours to think it over.
I have taken the liberty of organizing your return flight to Tokyo tomorrow
evening at 2300. Please let me know before this time of your decision. If
you are interested, we can prepare the relevant paperwork for you, and
we can organize a private cargo plane to transfer some of your equipment
from Stockholm.”

Stanley needed no time to think. If Ash had a problem with Zhao she
didn’t want to tell him about, she could take it up with Zhao himself. He
wasn’t turning down that kind of money.

“No need to wait. I’ll do it”
Chapter 7

Ash was sitting on a bench in Kiyosumi Teien. It was one of the urban
gardens nestled amongst the concrete jungle that was the metropolis of
Tokyo. Ash watched as a flock of ducks played together in the pond, the
afternoon sunlight bouncing off the water and illuminating their cream
and chocolate-coloured feathers. They looked like quite regular brown
ducks, but it looked like they had all dipped their bills in mustard and
forgot to wipe the moustache off. She chuckled to herself, imagining the
ducks eating English sausages with mustard.

“That girl whose clothes you took on the first day at the conference, she
was a known abuser of narcotics. She was dismissed from employment,
her report citing drug induced hallucinations and abnormal psychotic
behaviour. Her firing was going to happen sooner or later, I only expedited
the process, Ash.”

Ash felt sorry for the girl. She looked young. Ash knew how hard it was for
young people these days. Chasing stability and meaning in a world of
chaos and disorder. For her to throw that all away on drug abuse was such
a pity. But it was a fortunate turn of events in Ash’s favour, that one
terrifying moment she had to face the heat of surveillance as she quickly
reprogrammed Anil’s card, would be lost in time, unremarkable, and
forgotten. Her security was still intact, she and Waker had not been
compromised.

“How the hell did you do that Waker? The girl was asleep, with her clothes
on the chair. No blood, no violence. You’re incredible, you know that right?
That’s like something out of a movie. I just can’t believe it. Please teach
me how to be ninja like that.”

Waker blushed, then laughed heartily.

“You were awesome too, Ash. That whole thing wouldn’t have worked if
you didn’t keep it together at the desk, and get everything done so
smoothly.”

He took off his beanie and brushed through his hair with his hand, looking
down, contemplative. “ I think we make a really good team Ash”

“By the way, how come you are suddenly able to meet me with me?
During the whole conference period, Bessley said I will not see nor contact
you at any point. What has changed?”

“Oh, that was only at the conference, we couldn’t be seen together in
case one of us got into any trouble, the other would not be jeopardized.
We’ve done as much digging as we can. So far, signs point to Zhao, and
Warga, but nobody else. Warga’s alibis have been iron clad, and we
weren’t able to get a trace or contact on Zhao.”

Waker threw a chunk of his sandwich roll towards the ducks. They jumped
at the opportunity. Their mustard tipped bills probably providing an extra
hit of spice.

“That was until this morning, when Anil let us know through his contact
Jing, that Zhao was looking to recruit Stanley Torrens, one of the
presenting engineers at the conference a few days ago.”

Ash felt a wave of heat hit her stomach. Did Waker know about her and
Stanley?

“Anil mentioned you’d made contact with Stanley at the conference. Do
you know anything about it?”

“He’s a really passionate guy about his work, average Joe looking
engineer type, big hands, dark wavy hair, talks quick. I don’t know really,
didn’t speak much to him. He presented a momentum augmentation
exoskeleton. It was seriously cool”

Ash didn’t know why she was nervous. It’s not like it mattered if Waker
knew she was seeing Stanley. It was her private business. Why was she
nervous??

“Ash, he could very well be the only link we have to Zhao, and he might
just disappear like your parents if you don’t get to him first. You didn’t find
out his contact details at all?”

“Okay I think I have his email written down somewhere, it was in his
presentation he linked his contact details or whatever, I’ll try to get a hold
of him if I can.” Ash replied in frustration.

“OK good.”

Waker took a deep sigh. The regular azalea, hydrangea and iris flowers
didn’t bloom in the Kiyosumi Teien garden in winter. But it was still nice to
see the snow-covered trees and plants. With the gentle trickling of water
and natural sounds of nature, it made for a pleasant experience indeed.
Moreso that Tokyo only snows 9 to 10 days of the year, it was a lucky time
they found themselves in Japan.

“You’ll be heading back to Stockholm tomorrow, right?” Waker asked.

Oh shit. She remembered, now that the conference is over, she had to go
back to Sweden. She had only been gone barely a week, yet home felt like
a strange vague memory of the past. Ash realised she did not even know
where Stanley was from. He came from America of course, but he had a
somewhat European accent, but it was so mixed she couldn’t quite figure
it out.

“Yea, I guess so. All good things must come to an end. But it was fun,
crazy stress those first couple of days, but things stabilized in the end. We
have Warga’s show to prepare for, and I’ll get in contact with Torrens
about his China trip. We got some useful information out of this anyway.”

Ash was thoughtful.

“Waker, what’s it like working at ESI?”

“It’s nice” he replied. Ash was going to need a little more info than that.

“I mean, is it what you hoped for? How you imagined it?” she asked,
deeply curious.

“Well, Bessley’s a bit of a cunt sometimes, but you do what you can to
have fun haha” he laughed brazenly. “But otherwise, it’s pretty much
mostly just meeting and talking to people. Not much action like you see in
the movies. It does happen on occasion though, on high profile cases. Like
your parents.”

“Does it make you happy? Given the option, would you choose another
career?” Ash asked.

“Yea it does make me happy, I think. I can’t imagine doing another career.
Maybe a Formula 1 driver or something”

Wow. Of all the possible choices he went with racing driver?

“You are a racer?”

“Eh I used to go karting when I was younger but I never pursued it beyond
that. It was great fun though. Still like to think about what could have
been, you know?”

As Waker looked up to Ash, she noticed his neck was painted red.
Painted…red….hold on a minute…

Ash jumped up, too terrified to scream. Waker grabbed his neck, then
looked at his hand. He was bleeding heavily. He couldn’t hold himself and
dropped off the bench into the snow. The world seemed to quieten and
slow slightly, she heard nothing, bar the sound of her own heartbeat. A
moment later, she felt a hand grab her arm, and she was pulled in another
direction. She saw Watanabe, in a state of panic, yelling something out to
her. Waker’s blood was flowing in a dark, cherry red stream across the
white sheet of snow covering the garden. Watanabe tugged again. She
was brought back to reality.
“We have to run, Ash!”

She looked around. There was nobody in the park. She could have sworn it
wasn’t this empty a minute ago. She was running with Watanabe, with
him still holding onto her arm, away from the park. They got to the street,
and Watanabe took a slight left into a side street, where his car was
waiting. He lunged at the door, before quickly fumbling with his key and
unlocking it. Ash and Watanabe jumped inside. He started the engine and
quickly sped off down the street.

Ash was stricken with disbelief.

“Waker…. Is he…. dead?” She mumbled, barely audible over the drill of
the engine and blasting car heating to warm them up from the cold.

“Yes, I’m afraid Waker is probably dead Ash.” Watanabe was taking deep
breaths, trying to remain calm. “Unfortunately, I didn’t see the shooter,
but I had to get you out from danger”

Ash couldn’t think of anything other than the mental image of Waker on
the ground, clutching his neck, bleeding into the snow, dying, probably
struggling to breathe. Didn’t he feel the impact of the bullet? She couldn’t
save him. All she could do was watch, in morbid fascination, as the surreal
scene unfolded Infront of her. He was a young man, he still had so much
living to do. His future, life and potential had all been taken away from
him with one bullet.

“I need to get you to safety Ash, we won’t be going back to Hashinami
tonight, we don’t know if the shooter wants you dead too”

“Where are we gonna go?”

“I’ll be taking you to an underground safehouse nearby. You’ll be safe
there until your flight back to Stockholm tomorrow.”

“What about all my stuff at the hotel?”

“I’ll go get it for you after I drop you off”

Watanabe turned the heating down a couple of notches, as it was starting
to warm up excessively. They drove in silence for twenty minutes, before
Watanabe suddenly indicated to turn into a dark ramp that led
underground. There was a roller door at the bottom of the ramp, and right
Infront of it was a keypad. Watanabe punched a code in. The gate rolled
open, and Watanabe drove inside.

As they exited the vehicle after parking, Ash noticed there was a single
doorway at the end of the parking zone, with stairs leading up. The stairs
were closed off by a steel gate with thick metal bars, and two heavily
armed men were watching them park the car. She approached them with
Watanabe, before one of the armed men stepped forward to speak.


“あなたの目的はなんですか？” [What is your business here?] The man asked.

“リングは私の精神を暖かく保ちました。あなたの貢献に感謝します” [The rings

kept my spirit warm. Thank you for your contribution.] Watanabe offered.

A code phrase?

It seemed to work. The man retrieved a key card from his pocket, and
swiped it across the sensor on the metal gate. It buzzed, and the gate
swung open.

“Welcome to the Chiyoda Safehouse” he said in English.

They went upstairs, and Ash found herself in some sort of Cathedral, with
patterned maroon Egyptian carpets. The nave was cleared out, with less
than 20 single chairs, and no pews set up. The aisles were buffered by
supporting columns, giving a Romanesque feel to the interior of the
space. Ash took in the beautiful altar, with golden archways enveloping
mysterious religious paintings and figures, with a central sculpture of
Jesus at the forefront.

“This is a Russian church, Ash” Watanabe said. “It used to be a popular
destination for the Russian community, but after Russia destroyed
Ukraine, a few years ago, it was left abandoned, the Japanese Russians
did not want to be targeted and attacked for the Russian Government’s
actions. At some point after that, ESI transformed the underground areas
into a safehouse. I wanted you to see it”

They went up towards the altar and entered the back left door. Through it,
there was a moderately sized room with some desks with many drawers, a
couple of wardrobes, a mirror, and assorted religious sculptures and
artifacts. Next to the wardrobe was what appeared to be an elevator, with
a full keyboard and computer screen built into the wall next to it. A screen
loaded up, requesting authentication, with a username and password.
Watanabe typed out his details, and the screen flashed blue, before there
was a loud metallic clang and shift, and the big door retracted into the
wall.

There were just two floors, G and B. They were on G, Watanabe clicked for
the basement. The door rolled shut, as the elevator travelled down. It
went dark, and a line of lights quickly illuminated the elevator box. In a
few seconds, the elevator stopped, and as the door opened up. She
stepped out into what looked like a large apartment. There was a long
navy blue, marbled kitchen bench and cooking station on the right, and a
lounge area on the left with several plush couches and a huge 75-inch TV.
Ahead were two bedrooms she could see, and corridors leading left and
right, presumably to more bedrooms. It was nice. Barring the lack of
windows, the natural lighting from the ceiling lights was quite
comfortable. It was warm too.

Ash went to lie down on the couch and felt herself sink into it comfortably.
It felt kind of like a bean bag.

“There’s Netflix and a gaming console if you want Ash. I’ll be back later,
gonna go get your stuff”

He stepped back into the elevator.

“See you soon” he said, as the elevator slid shut.



A few thousand kilometres away, the tall man and the short man who had
inspected and scanned the Bergman household only days prior, had
arrived to the port they were meeting a very powerful ally in. That ally
was Feng Ruo, famed British-Chinese tech entrepreneur turned politician,
tipped to take the presidency in the upcoming March general election.

He was the founder of the billion-dollar Goro social media network, and
while he hadn’t done any work in the way of politics until only a couple of
years ago, he started voicing his dissatisfaction with the government
regime, and his following on Goro exploded to hundreds of millions of
people in a matter of months.

With his skyrocketing popularity, he started getting more involved in
social media with his political aspirations, and amassed notoriety for his
execution-style debate tactics and political finesse. He was a man who
could not be intellectually or politically out-manoeuvred. The phalanx of
bodyguards protecting him at all hours was an ironic necessity to his
murderous political instinct garnering enemies at every front of the
political ecosystem. He was a technocrat in the highest levels of financial
and technological infrastructure to the point that his ascendancy to the
presidency was almost an inevitability nobody dared to question.

They stood with a heavy metal briefcase to be delivered to Feng Ruo. The
contents of the briefcase: The latest NIV prototypes, coupled with
documentation on their operation. They were functioning prototypes built
by Shuchang Zhao. NIV stood for Neural Integration Visualiser. It was a
tool which adapted technology from the Rapid Offset Harmonization
scanner developed by Arnbjörn Bergman.

The NIV hardware likewise comprised two parts, but instead connected by
atlas cable. The first part was plugged into a computer via USB, and
provided the transcription software. The second part was a sophisticated
spectral imaging module fixed like a metallic helmet to the skull, using a
locking mechanism. The module provided intimate neurochemical and
electrical details in high resolution imagery, tracking nerve impulse
patterns and gathering extremely fine details of synaptic transmission and
topography. All of this information being fed through the atlas cable to the
computer. The only thing missing, was the technology capable of
visualizing the data on a computer. An artificial intelligence capable of
emulating another person’s thoughts, emotions and reality with the live
input. The scope and potential of such a technology would be limitless,
and it was only just beyond their reach. But not for much longer. Stanley
Torrens had developed military grade exoskeletons capable of brute
forcing their way through the Bergman house security, to acquire the
assets stored in the Bergman basement laboratory. Zhao was determined
to find it, and determined to bring his consciousness emulating technology
to reality.

Feng Ruo arrived at the Zuchong Shipyard in a security detail of three
armoured SUV’s. As he stepped outside of the vehicle, the two men
waiting for him braced themselves, hoping the exchange would be simple
and smooth. This was their first time meeting him.

The man was short, almost at Cheuk’s level, with a peculiar dark brownish
tinge to his glossy skin. His thick head of hair was tightly cropped and
rested right up on his forehead. Combined with his high, elegant
cheekbones, it gave him an almost stately, sculpture-like appearance.

什麼是你的名字？ (What are your names?) Ruo asked calmly.


我是昌 (I’m Cheung) The taller man replied.


我是楚 (I’m Cheuk) The shorter man added.



你是誰？ (And who are you?)



我和中國人民解放軍，他是空軍。(I am with the Chinese Army, he is with the

Air Force) Cheung stated. His voice cracked at the end of the sentence.


是那個裝備嗎? (Is that the equipment?) Ruo’s voice was husky. Like he’d

been drenching it in whiskey and cigarette smoke.
這是我們想出的最好的。伯格曼資產將使其正常工作。(It’s the best we’ve come

up with. Bergman assets will make it work properly) Cheung answered.


我會找出他們藏身的地方。告訴趙我欣賞他的效率。(I’ll find out where they are

hiding. Tell Zhao I appreciate his efficiency.)

Ruo tossed one of them a small hard drive tied to a thin, gold chain. The
bitcoin, as promised.

As Ruo and the uniformed guards got back into the cars, Cheung and
Cheuk breathed a sigh of relief. The driver of Ruo’s vehicle lowered the
window.

“Secure the Bergman assets, and Feng will track both of them down.” he
said, before the window went back up.

The three SUVs started their engines and slowly drove away down the
street, towards the city, before eventually disappearing from view.
Cheung and Cheuk had a lot to do before their next meeting. They
returned to their vehicle, and made the drive back to their apartment they
stayed at together.

That evening, Cheuk and Cheung had Jing organize a private Hale jet to
take them to Stockholm in tomorrow evening, so they still had time to
prepare. All combat missions had a risk profile, a series of events which
had to be broken down, piece by piece, and calculated for their
probability, consequences, and overall fit in the scope dangers of the
mission. At the very least, a competent soldier made sure to memorize
the risk profile, and prepare himself mentally and emotionally for the
action that was to come. Cheung and Cheuk were very much such
competent soldiers, combat veterans, who had seen more than their fair
share of death, blood, and destruction.

They had gone through all possible eventualities, and prepared with only
the best equipment that Zhao could muster for them. The only thing they
could not figure out, the thing that did not factor into their risk profile
analysis, was the black truck parked in the driveway of the Bergman
garage. They could not see the contents, and did not know what was
inside. Their scanners could not pick up the contents either, the truck had
some kind of special lining preventing any scanner radiation getting
through. It was a gamble, but one of such importance that for the first
time in their adult lives, Cheung and Cheung had had their confidence,
their resilience, seriously challenged.
Cheung was a strigine, 6’8 trained sniper from the Chinese army, having
99 confirmed kills distributed over an illustrious career, spanning military
operations through Myanmar, Cambodia and Tajikistan. He had a small,
pointed nose like a beak, angular eyes, and bushy eyebrows he could fluff
up to stand on end. He wasn’t a fan of people, and almost always
preferred to keep to himself. He always wore his thick, carpet-like hair in a
ponytail, thought perhaps as a gesture of class or fashion by his peers, but
in reality, an act of precaution, for Cheung had feared most that loose hair
was going to one day fly into his face in a moment of life or death, and
would lead to his undoing by blinding him in a critical moment. He could
go only so far, without being prepared for every possible risk.

He flew at the peak of army recognition, acquiring multiple medals for his
outstanding abilities and displays of courage and leadership throughout
his toughest days on tour. Until one day, his fame and admiration
vanished overnight in dishonourable discharge from military service, after
he was caught raping prisoners of war in a drug fuelled mania on a peace
keeper mission in the Middle East. In a matter of happenstance, he found
himself shooting rounds in a rifle range on a difficult night, at the same
time and location as Shuchang Zhao.

Zhao studied him from a distance at first. He sensed this man had
something dark about him. He could feel in Cheung a deep-seated
aggression and vitriol, masked by an outward calm, methodical
composure. Zhao approached him in friendly conversation, and offered
him purpose, an outlet for his sordid rage bubbling beneath the surface.
Cheung didn’t trust Zhao at first, and declined the offer politely. But on a
second occasion, Zhao had tracked Cheung to a park, and offered him the
opportunity once more. After some deliberation, Cheung had tentatively
agreed.

The short and calculating Cheuk, meanwhile, stood at a paltry 5’4, but
more than made up for it with his wicked charisma and social intelligence.
When he smiled, his dimples popped, giving him the appearance of a
teenager with thick cheeks. He was a brilliant chemical engineer who
graduated from Columbia University in America several years prior. While
studying, he developed a knack for creating unbelievably explosive
chemical cocktails, and this unfortunate habit had nearly led to his
expulsion from the institution. On that dangerous occasion, he had
developed an acerbic disdain for one of his politically overzealous
lecturers, and thought it was about time somebody gave them a gift they
would never forget. He planted chemical explosives in their car and
detonated them in the dead of the night, which caused a huge furore in
the university community. The car detonation had turned into something
of an urban legend, and Cheuk had turned into an unknown hero. Even
until and after his graduation, he was never caught.

On another occasion, he had charmed a lecturer into bed with him, and
convinced her she was no good to him as a sexual partner unless she
offered him what she needed. She desperately wanted to please him, and
he said the only thing he wanted to see was for her to fuck her dog. And
she did it, for Cheuk’s entertainment. He broke off all contact soon after.
He deeply enjoyed the power he had over women.

After his graduation, he was struck with a dilemma. Cheuk didn’t feel like
he was cut out for a mundane life. He thirsted for something more,
something that would put a fire in his veins, a fire for existence.

That fire came to him in an opportunity to enlist in the Air Force, to chase
new experiences and thrills that he knew he was never going to get as a
civilian. Just like Cheung, Cheuk was recruited by Zhao one day, when he
came into a Hale pharmacy Zhao was doing business at. Cheuk attempted
to buy the raw ingredients for a bomb, but Zhao had recognized the
recipe from his days as a Sea Dragon Commando. He had made the same
explosive cocktails during his training. Cheuk was caught red handed, and
Zhao offered him a choice. Either get reported to the police, or come work
for him. Cheuk made the correct decision.

His phone rang suddenly, at 2am. It was Zhao. Cheuk picked it up quickly.

“Hey, what’s up boss?”

“Do you remember that engineer I told you about, Stanley Torrens?”

“Yea, what about him?”

“He’s here in Guangzhou, at Hale. I’ve organized his accommodation at
the Tei Zhi Tower nearby. We have his exoskeletons you can use for
Stockholm. We’ll drop two armoured XMMs for pickup at the plane
tomorrow before you leave”

Zhao hung up. This was good.



Stanley Torrens didn’t know what his first two armoured XMMs would be
used for, but then again, he didn’t need to. Zhao had told him the truth
after all, he was indeed working via contract to Feng Ruo, on
peacekeeping operations on the ground. While no riots had yet been
initiated, public unrest was growing. Ruo’s beliefs were being broadcast
every day, all over the nation, his incisive, raw politics cutting
conventional culture to shreds, paving new ground for changes nobody
was yet ready for or invested in.

But there was a silent majority supporting Ruo, and his campaign built on
unprecedented evolution of the Overton Window and structural change. A
silent majority thirsting for a different China. The China he dreamed of
was a hyper capitalist, scientific and industrial powerhouse. And as the
days closed one by one, his China inched closer and closer to becoming a
reality.

Stanley couldn’t sleep on this night. He was lying in bed in the Tei Zhi
tower, on the 65th floor. Zhao had offered him a luxury apartment to
sweeten the recruitment deal, which, along with the 10 million US dollars
he was paid for some temporary work testing out new builds of his, gave
Stanley a huge dilemma. Ash had insisted Zhao was involved in something
to do with her family, but she never specified, and asked him to
investigate. But without knowing what he was investigating, he had no
sense of direction or understanding what he needed to look for. He
couldn’t interrogate Zhao if he didn’t even know why he was doing it.
Zhao had also shown him incredible generosity and good will, it was
difficult to think.

He seemed like an intelligent businessman. He was cordial enough,
fancied a good drink, and clearly had knowledge and interest in making
good deals. Stanley couldn’t only feel compelled to offer his help. If Zhao
was working with police to growing civil unrest and threats of rioting and
violence, Stanley felt good knowing he would be contributing to that. He
would be contributing to order and peace, something which he felt
inspired by and passionate for. Throughout his life, Stanley never felt like
he made much of a difference to people, now he was actually doing that,
it was something meaningful, and it made him happy.

He was bored of trying to sleep, so Stanley sat up and went to make
himself some tea. The tiled floors were cold against his feet. Soft Persian
carpets were laid out in the bedroom and the living room, but they made
little difference to quell the chilly walk in between. The hanging curtains
were leaking gentle city light from the floor to ceiling windows, giving the
lounge an aquarium-like glow.

Stanley wasn’t sure if he liked some of the art installations in the
apartment. He couldn’t decide if they were just ugly, or they were an
acquired aesthetic he had not yet developed a tangible taste for. The
metallic root-like sculpture near the entrance of the apartment looked like
it would have been so much more appropriately a tree, and yet it was
designed to be a strange bottom to top inversion of a tree’s roots instead.
The coloured baubles hanging above the marble kitchen bar, were
arranged like falling leaves, with an optional bronze LED light to illuminate
them. This gave the appearance of falling leaves on an autumn sunset.

The electric tea machine finished making his chamomile brew, so he
poured it out into a large mug from the cupboard, and went to sit down on
the cream leather couch at the TV. It faced towards the weirdest art piece
of all. A clock delineated from misshapen and heavily protruding sword-
like slabs of dark wood. They were arranged in a concentric fashion, with
roman numerals etched into the wood slabs themselves with white paint,
denoting each hour.
He noticed next to the standing TV, there was a little white booklet. He
went to pick it up. “SMART CONTROLS-APARTMENT MANUAL”. That would
explain his inability to get anything to work so far. He turned to the
contents page. Tile heating was listed on page 9. Fan-bloody-tastic.
Everything operates from the smart phone-like control remote, which he
hadn’t yet seen, until he saw the storage diagram illustrating it was
actually tucked away in a little compartment on the wall near the front
door. He thought it was some kind of electrical circuit at first. When
Stanley went to check out the little cream coloured box near the door,
sure enough, it popped open, and the smart remote popped out like a
battery.

For all its quirks, Tei Zhi tower sure was entertaining.
Chapter 8

Ash’s mind was still numb from witnessing Waker’s assassination. Sitting
in the church safehouse on the eve of her departure, she wondered if
Watanabe was going to come back safely. She wondered why Waker was
killed, who had made the shot, and if they were after her too. Of all the
places she could have been in that moment, she was in a beautiful garden
talking with Waker, breaking the one rule Bessley had so emphatically
highlighted time and time again, she was not to meet with Waker under
any circumstances in Tokyo. And yet Waker told her it was fine, there was
no trouble to meet up. Maybe his death would have been prevented if she
just postponed that meeting. She was angry that Waker allowed himself to
be killed, and that she had to witness it up close. That moment of
reflection, purity and tranquillity in the garden, was sullied by a
completely unnecessary horror of death, and threw her into an emotional
disarray she just didn’t need at all, in this moment in time.

Watanabe did indeed return to her in the church with her suitcase other
possessions, and she didn’t know why, but the relief she had was
immeasurable. Seeing his smiling face, his innocent, happy little eyes. It
filled her with a sense of joy, the kind you might feel after your dog
disappears for a week and you come home one day and the dog found its
way back, safe and sound. She jumped on Watanabe with a fierce hug as
he stepped through the door, and let loose some tears she didn’t know
she had.

“Ahh, it’s ok Ash, it’s ok. It’s good to see you” Watanabe offered, hugging
her back gently.

They spent the night at the safehouse, and in the morning departed for
the airport for her 10:15am flight back to Stockholm.

Before going through the security gate, she hugged Watanabe one last
time.

“Be sure to come back to Tokyo sometime, Ash. I’ll miss you.”

“I’ll be back some day. In the mean-time, I wanna see you sing on TV!
Don’t lose your passion. You’ve got a bloody beautiful voice Watanabe.
You’ll be successful one day, I know it.”

Ash passed through security and glanced back to see if Watanabe was still
there. He was, behind the crowd of people pushing to get through the
gate. Watanabe waved again, baring his pearly white teeth in a cheeky
grin. Ash smiled too, and flashed a peace hand sign. She hoped she would
see him again.
The flight was very long, over fourteen hours, but she befriended one of
the stewardesses, a skinny curly haired woman named Leira, and they
spoke regularly throughout the flight. Ash even got an extra serving of the
delicious steak lunch they had in business class, and Leira was kind
enough to offer Ash the password to the highest in-flight Wi-Fi product,
unlimited data @ 1000 mbps. She enjoyed some time streaming her
favourite TV shows, and every now and again got up to do some
stretching with her. Leira taught Ash a dice game called Scraps, and they
played together in the lounge area before the staircase down to economy
class.

After she arrived for the 2nd time in a month to Arlanda International
Airport in Stockholm, Ash was pleased to discover that Max had gotten her
chat message from the plane and was waiting for her in the Arrivals Hall.
It felt like so long since she had seen him, yet it had been less than 10
days. He brought a balloon and a rose with him as a surprise, and was
dressed in a long fancy winter coat, out of his regular police uniform. Ash
found it very romantic. She took a huge breath of exhaustion as she fell
into his arms in a warm embrace. He smelled of leather and wood. That
same familiar scent of Max that she knew and loved. She decided it was
for the better that Max didn’t know about her time with Stanley in Tokyo.
That was a separate relationship she didn’t want to bring to this one.

“Ash, you’re looking great! How was your trip? That’s pretty random you
decided to just fuck it and go to Japan for a week. What did you go see? I
took the day off by the way, so we can hang out”

An image of Waker bleeding out in the snow flashed before her eyes.

“Ahhh, you know what, I don’t really have the energy to talk about it at
the moment Max. I went for fun. Saw a bunch of things. I’ll tell you about
it another time. What I wanna know is, how’s Arby?”

She tried to forget about the image but it wouldn’t leave. They walked out
together to the parking area.

“Lil’ fat fuck cute as always” he laughed. “I went to hang out with him a
few times. I found your parents’ phones by the way; you left them in your
backpack at the house”

“Oh shit! Thanks so much, I totally forgot about that! How’s the house?
Security still there?”

“Yeah, you bet, the whole kit and caboodle. They set up micro mines on
the perimeter too. Don’t worry I’ll show you where they are so you don’t
accidentally kaboom yourself” Ash cackled like a witch, she loved Max’s
dark humour, it was one of his most endearing traits.
“You were always a dark fucker eh Max?” she punched him playfully.
“Kaboom yourself dumbass. Listen, are we still on for that dinner date I
promised?”

“Hell yea we are! I was thinking we go to Raffini’s Pizzeria. Do you wanna
go tonight?”

“Definitely. I just need to take a couple hour nap first.” She glanced at her
watch; it was 11:15am. Still plenty of time.

“Let’s go back to mine, I’ll teach you how to play Scraps”

“What’s that?”

“Yakuza dice game I learned in Japan.”

“Woahhhh what the fuck did you get yourself involved in Ash! Hahaha!”
Max burst out laughing.

“Eh I learned it on the plane back actually with a cool air hostess named
Leira”

“Ok ok winner of Scraps buys the pizzas”

“Deal” Ash winked at him, as she opened the door to the passenger seat
of his police cruiser, and slammed the door, a little too hard.

“Shit sorry” Ash mumbled.

“You break it you buy it” he smiled, turning on the heating.

Ash gazed over all the familiar buildings and streets on the route back to
her house. All the Christmas decorations were out in full force.

“Oh its fucking CHRISTMAS soon!” Ash only just remembered. “That
makes me so damn happy. God, it’s so good to be back home man, I’m
telling you. Slaving away in America was a recipe for suicidal depression
you know? Everyone hates each other. Everyone’s in the rat race, fighting
for attention, money, admiration. Nobody can just sit back and fucking
chill, and that’s a structural thing too, it’s all built on the race to the
grave. Christmas back in Stockholm, man I’ve missed this. It’s a bit shit
we lost mom and dad but I know we’ll find them. I know they’re alive. I’m
not worried”

“Haha, take a chill pill there, Ayn Rand. And me neither Ash. This shit has
been nothing but a waiting game. They’re keeping me at the office so I
don’t get much time at the house, but every time I’ve gone to see Arby,
that’s made it all worth it. The SWAT guys are pretty chill too. It’s just
been quiet routine to be honest.”
Ash forgot to reply, and zoned out a bit, just watching the watery puddles
on the side of the road, the chilly wind blasting at the grassy parks they
were driving by.

Soon enough they pulled up to the house, and parked in the right half of
the driveway. A large, all black truck was parked next to them on the left.

“Some higher up insisted they set up an EMP in the truck just in case. I
mean, I don’t know, you’d think the machine guns, snipers and armoured
soldiers are enough, but I guess they do need to cover every possible
scenario. Defensive EMP being one of them. I’m just a city cop though so I
wouldn’t know if it’s necessary, I’ve never seen this kind of shit before, it’s
pretty crazy security.”

They stepped up to the front door, and as usual, she could hear Arby’s
meows on the other side. This time he didn’t jump into her arms, he
jumped at Max!

“What!! Who is this little traitorous fucker?” Ash laughed.

“He is my damn cat, don’t you start making him love you more!” she
wagged her finger at him, but couldn’t hold a straight face. Looks like Max
really did spend a lot of time with Arby, and it showed. Now that she was
back, she looked forward to stealing Arby’s love back.

Max opened up the fridge and it was largely empty, bar some pickled
cucumbers, butter, herring and brown bread which Max bought the day
before. He wanted to surprise Max on her return with Ash’s favourite
snack, pickled cucumbers and herring sandwiches. But, as he turned
around to look, Ash had taken off her pants and coat and was out cold on
the couch in her thermal wear, with Arby resting on top of her. Max took
the soft blanket from the recliner chair and covered Ash with it, as Arby
bounced off onto the floor in disapproval.

“You may be a chonk, but you’re not as warm as a blanket, sorry buddy”

Max grabbed a jumbo-sized pack of popcorn from the pantry, and sat
down in the recliner chair, turning on Netflix. He put it to zero volume, and
switched on the subtitles. Hopefully he’d have time to squeeze in another
episode or two of his favourite crime show.

Max was nearly half way through the second episode before Ash breathed
in heavily and pulled herself up, bleary eyed, with slightly messed up hair.
She stretched out lazily, groaning in pleasure, and looked at the TV.

“Oh hey. What are you watching?”
“Crime Tales Las Vegas”. Max’s jumbo popcorn pack was completely
empty.

“Where the hell did the popcorn go? You didn’t save me any?” Ash
scolded him playfully.

“Well, I mean, I would have but you were unconscious so I ate on your
behalf. It was damn good!”

He patted his belly. “Do you want a herring sandwich?”

“Yes please. Thanks so much Max.”

He got up to the kitchen top and got started on it.

“It’s not even 1.30pm yet actually, we still have plenty of time to go do
something before pizza, Ash”

“No, no, I’m gonna enjoy my herring sandwich first, and then I’m gonna
teach you Scraps. Seriously. It’s fun”

“Fair enough. Too cold outside anyway. Ash by the way I did get you a
Christmas present”

Ash clapped her hands in excitement.

“Eeee!! That is so cute! What is it?”

Max retrieved a tiny, navy-blue box from his breast pocket, wrapped in a
silk ribbon, and handed it to Ash.

“Oh my gosh Max!”

She opened it gently, revealing two ruby earrings. She gasped in awe.
Rubies had always been her favourite stone.

“These are absolutely stunning!” She got up to put them in, and look in
the nearby mirror. Ash’s smile lit up the room. She did a little pirouette,
and curtsy, Max gave her a hearty applause.

“Madame Bergman, your radiance outshines all” He declared,
triumphantly. She ran up to give him a hug.

“Thank you, Max. I’m so sorry I didn’t get you anything, I just lost track of
everything in Japan. I’ll make it up to you I promise.”

“That’s totally OK Ash! You don’t have to get my anything. Just having you
here is present enough you little rascal” He said, affectionately tousling
Ash’s hair. She smiled brightly.
“What kind of adventuring did you get up to in Japan?”

“I stayed at a hotel called Hashinami Tokyo. It was super duper luxurious,
hot springs, spa, massages, literally everything stereotypically Japanese. It
was a traditional inn so I guess that’s obvious. Ok if I’m being honest I
kind of found out on really short notice there was going to be an AI
research conference in Tokyo and one of my Kopra friends was going, so I
decided to go too. Sorry I didn’t tell you sooner. I don’t know why I kept it
a secret”

Max finished up on Ash’s sandwich.

“That looks absolutely delicious Max”

“Hey that’s ok with the conference, no problem. You don’t have to tell me
everything that goes on in your life, you get busy I know, I can respect
that. How was the conference?” He came over with the plate and handed
it to Ash, she took a hefty bite.

“Ughh this is SO damn good. Did you add mustard?? Amazing. Thanks so
much.” Ash was busy munching away, but kept speaking with her mouth
full. “Conference was great, learned a lot of new stuff, new tech that’s out
there, and it gave me a lot to think about. Hey this is a bit of a ‘holy shit
what a small world’ situation, but I actually met dad’s co-worker Anil at
that conference, and Anil has an idea of where he and mom might be.”

“Oh wow, that’s great! What did he say?”

Ash swallowed her mouthful of sandwich.

“Well, basically he has a contact in China, a woman named Jing who works
for Hale Labs, you know it?”

“Hale Pharmaceutical Labs? Yea I know it”

“So, Jing’s boss, is a guy called Shuchang Zhao, was also at the
conference, he was one of the seed investors, but he left on the first day
and I couldn’t track him down. According to Anil, either Zhao, or Lotár
Warga are the missing links to mom and dad. During an investor meeting
Zhao wanted action taken against my parents for withholding scientific
information for the greater good of society, and Warga agreed, and said
he would do something about it. So, yea that’s all I know”

“Holy shit that’s crazy. Warga like, from Warga Automotive??”

“Yep that one, the Lansthicke prize winner”
“Damn, I need to tell the commissioner” Max replied, assimilating the
information.

“I’m working on it” Ash said, hesitating for a moment. She swallowed the
last mouthful of herring and bread.

“I met with Warga at the conference. Also, don’t ask me how but I got into
the VIP luncheon on the first day, Warga is hosting a special Barcelona
finale show on New Years Eve after his European press tour for the new
2029 car releases. The VIPs are invited for a show and tell for new
technologies he’s working on. I want you to come with me Max”.

“Yea definitely! I’m your ally Ash, I’ll always be there for you.”

“Okay let’s forget about that shit for now. Carpe diem Max. I wanna show
you Scraps”

Ash went over to her suitcase and pulled out a silk bag with six dice.

“So, the instructions are as follows. The goal is to gain points. You roll six
dice, and the target numbers are 1 and 5. A single 1 represents 100
points, and a single 5 represents 50 points. During your turn, you are
aiming to get 350 points at minimum. Once you have 350 points, you can
‘bank’ them, and your turn ends”.

She rolled the dice to illustrate.

“Here’s the thing about getting 350. You can do it over multiple throws
during your turn. However, each throw needs to ‘reserve’ at least 50
points, meaning you need to roll at least one 1 or at least 1 five with each
throw. ‘Reserving’ is putting a reserved die to the side, and rolling with
the remaining dice. The goal is to keep reserving until you hit 350. If you
hit 350 and still have dice you can roll, you can gamble them to get even
more points, but if you don’t roll a one or five, you will ‘bust’ and gain no
points for your turn.


Ash held up her finger to Max’s nose to emphasise.

“Now! Something important to note mister. There are bonuses worth a lot
of points which can cruise you easily past the 350 minimum. Three pairs
of numbers are worth 500 points, like 2,2,4,4,5,5. An arrangement of
1,2,3,4,5,6 is worth 1000 points. Three dice of any single number are
worth that number times 100, except three 1’s, which are worth 1000
points. Am I making sense so far?”

“Yea I think It’ll make more sense seeing it in action to be honest”
“Ok and last thing, any instance of a repeated number after a triple,
doubles the value. Eg three 2’s is 200, but four 2’s is 400, five 2’s is 800,
and six 2’s is 1600. That’s the whole game! And first to 10,000 wins.”

Ash got out her notepad and a pen from the lounge table. Max felt almost
childish happiness, sitting on the floor playing fun board, dice and card
games with Ash, just like old times.

They played six games in total, and while in the first two it was a struggle
to hit 350 points initially, at the third game Max got the hang of it, and
started catching up to Ash. He started reserving less 5’s, and kept
gambling them in the hope they would turn into 1’s. He lost the first three
games, but managed to work his way to a win on the fourth. The fifth
went his way one more time, and then it was down to the sixth, to decide
if he would be able to tie it up 3 to 3.

He had only just rolled four 1’s for a 4000 point head start over Ash, when
the referee (the undeniably cute and fuzzy Mr Arby) decided to plonk
himself in the middle of the dice rolling battlefield, declaring a temporary
truce, giving the opportunity for the combatants to regroup and take a
break for some recovery.

Ash grabbed Arby up into a cuddle, much to his indignation. A moment
later, he changed his mind, and realized cuddles weren’t actually so bad,
purring away happily in Ash’s arms.

They watched some more Crime Tales Las Vegas afterwards, oozing into
the relaxation of the evening.

Max glanced at his watch after a few episodes. “Hey its 5.30pm, shall we
get ready for Raffini’s?”

“Oh yea! One sec I’ll just go get ready”

Ash disappeared into the guest room and closed the door. Max grabbed
his coat and went to sit on the steps at the front door. He flicked through
some random notifications on his phone. After several minutes, Ash had
still not come out. Confused, he got up and knocked on Ash’s door.

“Hey are you ok in there, Ash?”

“Yeeees one sec!”

There was some shuffling and movement of bags and clothing.

“You can open the door, Max!”

He pulled down on the lock and gently opened the door, peering in. Ash’s
suitcase was all over the floor, clothes strewn everywhere. She was in the
ensuite bathroom with the door closed. A couple of seconds later the door
opened and she stepped through, revealing an absolutely beautiful
crimson velvet dress, decorated with a flushed intricate pattern of roses.
Max was floored, she looked absolutely stunning.

“Ash you look incredible! When did you even have time to put that on??
Haha!”


“I wanted to look nice, it’s been a while since we’ve been out together.”
Her hair was brushed out a bit too, and she had almost no makeup, but
she didn’t even need it. She put on the matching Ruby earrings too. She
looked up at Max, and held his hand.

“You’re important to me Max, and I want you to know that. I really haven’t
been there for you in the last few years, but I want to start taking steps to
change that. We’ve known each other forever, and you really deserve
better”.

Max was taken aback by her candour. But it touched his heart. It was
something he needed to hear.

“I appreciate that, Ash. Same to you of course.” They embraced for a hug.
Ash put on her long fluffy down jacket hanging from the back of the door,
Max locked the door, and they got into Max’s police cruiser for the drive
over.

The restaurant looked a bit unassuming from the outside, it was part of an
older, renovated building which was still maintained as a heritage site. But
when they stepped inside, it was a complete transformation. Gone were
the old dusty windows, paint discolorations, and drab exterior
architecture. Inside, Raffini’s Pizzeria was an indulgence of Italian
extravagance. It wasn’t so much a room as a hall, a dining hall, lined with
church like domes supported by vine draped columns, and each column
was flecked throughout its vines with a gentle harmony of miniature
lights, giving the hall a beautiful natural glow. The smell of fresh bread,
pizza and herbs was ripe in the air as they walked in. Soft, live jazz music
played from the bar in the far-left corner.

“This is even more beautiful than I remember!” Ash exclaimed, overtaken
with admiration.


”Hej fru, har du en reservation? (Hello Madam, Do you have a

reservation?)” A friendly, moustachioed waiter inquired.

”Tyvärr inte. Har du ett ledigt bord? (Unfortunately not, do you have a free

table?)”Ash replied.
”Ja! vi har fortfarande några på andra sidan, följ mig snälla. (Yes! We have

a few on the other side, follow me please)”


Ash and Max followed the man to an open table closer to the bar on the
other side of the 2nd last column. They sat down and hung their coats over
their chairs, when a the same waiter popped up out of thin air.


”Vin att börja? (Wine to start?)” The waiter offered.

”Ja tack. Pinot Grigiot och en familj Margherita pizza (Yes, thankyou. A

bottle of some pinot grigiot, and a family Margherita please!)”Ash

answered



”Holy shit Ash, you wanna have all that by yourself?” Max giggled.

“Yea why not! I’m absolutely starving. I’ll finish yours too if you don’t want
your plate” She winked with a sly smile. “What pizza you want?”

Familij napoletana för mig, tack (Family Napoletana for me, thankyou)

Max told the
waiter. He bowed and ducked away with their order.

“Max, tell me some cool shit you’ve seen as a cop”

“Cool shit I’ve seen as a cop?? I don’t look at my shit I flush it down the
toilet Ash, why are you so weird?”

“JESUS CHRIST MAX!”

Ash laughed hysterically. Max wasn’t old enough to be a dad. The pizza
couldn’t come soon enough.

A hundred kilometres away, Cheung and Cheuk were readying their final
preparations. Zhao’s Neural Integration Visualizer could only work as its
design intended, with an artificial intelligence powerful enough to decrypt
its data, and Arnie and Wilma’s LS-000 bots were their best chance of
actualizing the device into reality.

This time, they were not going to be left waiting on the sidelines watching.
They were equipped with Stanley’s state of the art bulletproof XMM
Exoskeleton systems, thermal camouflage body suits woven with Kevlar,
and Zhao’s newly minted electronic combat visors. These visors had an
on-board computer system, capable of switching between UV, infrared,
visible light and night vision. In addition, there was a visor overlay
displaying their biometric data in real time, and augmented reality
movement and target tracking. Fully equipped to handle a combat
situation in any terrain and weather condition

Their driver was an underground contractor working via the black market
as a getaway driver for criminals all over Europe. It was something an
unbelievable career, having spanned hundreds of heists and operations
from Istanbul to Lisbon, and Warsaw and Stockholm.

His spidery, eloquent fingers wrapped gently around the steering wheel,
pulling the truck’s carriage smoothly along, as he puffed on his Cuban
cigar. His gaunt visage was flushed in an ashen dolor, the thin veneer of
his papery, crinkled skin betraying no emotion or colour.

The driver was old, certainly over eighty years at least, but neither Cheuk
nor Cheung knew by how much exactly. The only thing they knew of him,
was that he was called Grigori.

“Sounds Romanian or something” Cheung had told Cheuk. And that was
the best guess they would have to stick with for the rest of the drive, for
Grigori did not answer the question nor comment any further. He had his
glasses on (At night time, no less), so it was difficult to know how he was
driving so comfortably. Nevertheless, Zhao had placed his trust in Grigori,
and that was good enough for Cheung and Cheuk.

“How long have you been driving, Grigori?” Cheuk inquired, trying to
make conversation. No response. Three taps of the steering wheel. What
was that, three years? No. Three decades? Was that an answer to the
question? Or was Cheuk reading too much into it?

Grigori took a slow breath, drew down the window, and threw out his fully
puffed cigar. He tapped the button to draw the window down, and fixed
his gaze on the road once more.

Maybe he was deaf? Either way, Cheuk lost interest in conversation and
pulled his visor over his eyes to take a quick nap. Cheung kept his gaze on
Grigori’s gloves on the wheel. His hands barely moved with every bump in
the road. Almost as if they had their own stabilization systems.

“Thanks for helping out Grigori” Cheung told him.

Those were the last words which were uttered in the truck on the drive,
before they arrived at the bottom of Breavägen, two streets away from
where Ash, Arnie and Wilma’s home was located. It was time to talk
strategy. Grigori stayed in the truck as Cheung and Cheuk opened the
rear door and hopped out, already fully dressed in their XMM suits and
vizors. They flicked on the thermal lens, and zoomed their vizors up the
street to see the activity in the distance. The special forces soldiers had
set up a perimeter, and Cheung saw three soldiers walking together and
chatting, down the intersecting street that led towards Örnevägen. Both
Cheung and Cheuk were equipped with heavy duty assault rifles, but they
didn’t want to give up their positions just yet.

They slowly traversed the tree line down the road, taking care to avoid the
movements of the three soldiers on the intersecting street. So far so good.
Cheung was in radio contact with Cheung.

“They’re further away now, turning left on an adjacent street. I think we
can get through” Cheung whispered. They ran across opposite sides of
street, crouched, to get to the next line of bushes and trees. The soldiers
were far away now. There was no way they would have seen them. But
Grigori was still in the truck, waiting for their return. Had Grigori parked
too close?

They heard a screaming sneeze on the radio channel.

“What the fuck, was that you?” Cheung grunted angrily

“No!! I think that’s Grigori!!” Cheuk replied, panicked.

The tranquil hum of the night was suddenly disturbed by voices on the
street. They were speaking Swedish. Cheung and Cheuk tuned into the
soldiers’ radio frequency.


”Gå, det är inte en av våra, det är någon på gatan. Kolla in det, Olivier.

(Go, that was not one of ours. Someone is in the street. Go see what that

was, Olivier)”


“Shit, shit, shit. Grigori??” Cheuk anxiously breathed into his headset. He
heard a low grunt. Grigori was tuned into their radio, awaiting their call.

They ran back to the first street and zoomed up with their vizors. They
were too late. The three soldiers had come up from the other end of the
road, and were peering into Grigori’s truck. They could hear them
speaking through Grigori’s radio.


”God kväll herrn. Du måste återvända till ditt hem, tack. Detta område är

inblandat i en militär operation. Vänligen återvänd till ditt hem. (Good

evening Sir, you must return to your home. This area is involved in a
military operation. Please return to your home)”The soldier spoke politely

to Grigori.

Cheung and Cheuk stopped breathing momentarily, trying to maintain as
shallow breaths as possible, not to be heard on Grigori’s end of the radio.
They saw the truck lights come on, and Grigori turned around with the
supervision of one of the soldiers, before driving off in the opposite
direction down the street. He left Cheung and Cheuk stranded. The three
soldiers started heading back up the street, directly towards them at a
rapid pace.

“Ah, fuck” Cheuk growled in frustration.

Cheung and Cheuk changed their helmet vizors to night mode, and
augmented it with a metal detection scanner, to see where the mines
were placed.

Cheung was emphatic. “Let’s go”




Chapter 9

The Bergman’s had a TV that moved along a wall-to-ceiling rail, so you
could rotate it from its regular position to an angled view if you were
reclined on the couches, or if you felt compelled to watch from the floor or
a mattress, you could put the TV on the ceiling.

Ash and Max put the TV at an angle, and were relaxing together on the
recliner couch watching some old drama film. Max couldn’t really think
about anything other than the weight of Ash’s head resting on his chest.
He didn’t want to make her uncomfortable, and he didn’t want to show it,
but he was immensely enjoying this. He had had a deep held affection for
Ash. A soft flame that started as a spark, when they first met, and slowly
grew into something greater and brighter.

There was just something about her. Being around her was like… the
same kind of feeling he got out on snowboarding on the Swiss Alps. A kind
of heat in the stomach, butterflies of excitement and bliss, if you will.
When she smiled, her eyes twinkled like the brightest, most beautiful
stars, and her cute little nose crinkled up in the sweetest expression of
innocent joy. He thought of Alpha Centauri, which he remembered
Arnbjorn telling him about some months prior in a dinner conversation.
The closest star to earth. Which Arnie said wasn’t actually a single star,
but a triple star system, a common misconception.

Max dared not make any moves Ash didn’t do first. And now that she was
here, head resting on his chest, he genuinely wondered what to do next.
Her hair smelled absolutely wonderful, like coconut and lavender, and he
couldn’t get enough of it.

“Max, where is your hand exactly?” She asked, laughing. While lost in his
thoughts, his hand had slid down from around her shoulder, to resting on
her bum.

He immediately flushed red with embarrassment.

“Oh shit my bad!” he said, awkwardly hovering his hand in mid-air, unsure
of what to do with it. Ash took his hand and pulled it down over herself
and held onto it, leaving his fingers resting within range of her lower
stomach and thigh. Max felt a bead of sweat start to form on his forehead
from the adrenaline. All he wanted to do was just flip her over and kiss
her, but he was holding himself back. He just didn’t know how to make the
move, nor did he have the courage for it.

“I’m gonna make a sandwich Max. Do you want one?”

Max didn’t like herring. He found it a miracle Ash could stomach it,
especially alongside dill cucumbers. But those were at least pretty good,
he had to agree there.

“I’ll stick with the popcorn, thanks though”
Ash got up off the couch and went to the kitchen. Sweet relief, Max
thought. Thank the lord he put on deodorant. He needed to go cool off for
a bit. He took off his layers down to a T shirt and thermal pants.

“Making yourself comfortable I see?” Ash laughed again; she was in great
spirits tonight.

“What, it’s warm, a man can’t undress to stay cool?” Max winked, with a
cheeky grin.

“I’ll turn off the heating Max, gimme a minute.”

She jumped on the couch and held down the AC power button, turning it
off.

Max pushed open the nearest window and stuck his head through it.
Fresh, frosty air blasted his face and hair. This was bliss. Just like on the
mountain.

Then he heard some voices outside. The soldiers. They were yelling in
raucous laughter, over a fire outside, illuminating the darkness that
stretched out behind the house.

Max felt safe. It was a feeling he didn’t expect to have considering the
circumstances, but he felt like things were in their control for once.

There was a gunshot from a rifle, and his heart lurched. He pulled his head
back through the window and slammed it painfully against the frame.

“Ow, Fuck!”

Ash jumped in fright. “What’s wrong?”

Max dashed to the front door where he hung his jacket and retrieved his
SIG Sauer 239 pistol. Max held his hand up in a “shh” gesture, before
listening at the window again. The laughter had continued. One of the
soldiers must have accidentally fired off their rifle. Or intentionally. There
was no danger to be seen.

Max’s shoulder slumped as he sighed in relief, and went to put his gun
back in his jacket holster.

“Sorry, Ash. I just heard a shot; they’re fucking around out there or
something.”

“Hey you can’t expect them to be dead silent in the bushes 24/7, people
need to have fun too Max.”

“Yea I know, just a bit on edge I guess”
Ash took out two apple ciders from the fridge and cracked them open,
handing one to Max.

“Cheers to life” she said.

*ding*

“Cheers to life, Ash”

They both gulped down most of their ciders.

“Hey, you know what, I was just thinking, you’ve never seen the lab
before have you?” Ash asked.

“No. Arnie never let me inside”

“Well…” Ash smiled devilishly. “Do you wanna go see it?”

Ash’s recusant tone was incredibly arousing. Max felt a hot stirring in his
loins. In the soft light of the room, he envisioned her body pressed into
his, her scent and warmth assimilating into every particle of his being.

“Okay yea, lead the way” he smiled. They went down towards the
basement, to the heavy steel door. Ash opened it with the key she always
kept around her neck, and the door buzzed open, and pulled into the wall.

Stepping inside, it wasn’t much different to the last time Ash had seen it.
Still barren of use, Arnie and Wilma absence and the weight of uncertainty
hanging in the air.

Ash sat down on the plush sofa chair between two cabinets on the left-
hand side, and Max sat at a nearby desk.

“How often did you come down here Ash? You know, when you were little”

“Not really that often at all actually. I was never allowed in. To me it was
just the basement dad didn’t want me to see. But he let me in when I
turned 16, and explained their whole idea behind it. A family lab.”

“Really? Ah nice, did you ever get to see any crazy shit happen?” Max
asked.

“Once. There was a crazy electrical surge and otherworldly booming noise
from under the house, all the lights faded heavily. You ever heard what a
black hole sounds like?”

“No”
“Some space agencies got an audio recording of a black hole and shifted
it up some many octaves. Some spooky shit, lemme see if I have it on my
phone”

Ash sifted through her phone videos. She eventually found it, the video
dating back to January 6th, 2026. She hit play.

The creepy, droning sound filled the room. It sounded almost like some
interdimensional creature groaning sickeningly.

“That IS creepy, wow” Max laughed, taking the sound in.

Suddenly, they heard a metallic clang at the door, and the lights went out.
Something heavy had hit the floor. Ash jumped up in fright. Instinctively,
Max rushed up the stairs in the darkness to investigate, before he felt a
colossal impact in his abdomen and went flying back down the stairs.

“Fuck…” Max groaned in agony. “Move, Ash!” Max croaked out.

There wasn’t any significant cover in the main room. Ash was stunned and
couldn’t move. Max retreated into the other rooms, finding servers,
electrical cables, various robots, desks, cabinets and standing lights.


“Max??” He heard Ash call out from somewhere.

“Ash! What the fuck was that??” Max called out through the corridor. “I’m
in the storage room!”

Before Ash could reply, the whole basement suddenly vibrated heavily.
Max dropped to the floor and pressed himself between two cabinets,
hidden from view.

“ASH!!!” He heard a huge explosion, metal being bent and torn, and the
sound of flowing dirt. He jumped up, heart pounding, and felt his way to
the door and ran the few steps to the main room. Inside, he saw the roof
had been blasted through and the street lights above ground shining in.
He couldn‘t see Ash through the rubble. There was a figure in the room, a
man wearing some kind of exoskeleton suit and helmet, with an
illuminated orange vizor. He looked demonic in the darkness. He turned to
Max and immediately shot a grenade from his launcher at him, Max
lunged for cover before feeling the full shockwave batter his body. He was
thrown into the corridor wall and head knocked a glass wall light, causing
it to shatter and inflict painful cuts to his head and neck.

“Cheung! It’s here!” The man yelled. Max couldn’t hold it any longer, and
fell unconscious from pain.
Cheuk easily broke apart the wooden front desk with the sheer power of
his XMM skeleton, while Cheung walked down the stairs into the main
area. Cheuk revealed a large safe Ash never knew existed before. He
placed an ultrasonic safe crack device on the front panel for a few
seconds, and the door clicked open. Inside were two basketball sized
metallic balls, and a small external hard drive. He stored the hard drive in
his zip chest pocket, and took a ball under each arm, before launching
himself up and out of the hole in the ceiling.

Cheuk’s proclivity for the explosive was a completely unnecessary and
dangerous over extension on their part. Cheung had already expertly,
silently, eliminated every soldier on the way to the house, and managed
to do so without raising suspicion. And yet Cheuk had just woken up the
entire fucking neighbourhood with a grenade launcher, reinforcements no
doubt on their way as they spoke.

“You fucking idiot Cheuk, I was in, you didn’t need to destroy the whole
goddamn house.”

“Relax, shit. We have what we need.”

Their architectonic scan from a couple weeks ago had revealed to them
the underground basement, as well as the heavy steel door at the top of
the stairs, and the structural deficiencies in the underground walls and
ceilings. Cheuk had insisted on blowing an entry with his grenades, but
Cheung was determined to go through the front door silently, reverse
engineering the keys to the door encryption protocols obtained from their
scan of the premises, and simply laser cutting the lock out once the pins
were released.

Luckily for them, Grigori did not drive away very far, and had waited for
them, listening in on the radio, making sure he was available to rush in
when they needed it.

Cheuk jumped out of the basement onto the grass. The truck with the EMP
had not yet detonated the blast, but there was nobody alive to activate it
anymore. The EMP would have melted the sensitive electronics embedded
in their XMM suits.

They turned to face the road; Grigori was approaching in the black truck,
the feeble headlights illuminating the bitumen Infront of them. They ran
to him as he unlocked the back doors, and hopped inside, Cheung
carrying the two metal basketballs in each arm. If they stayed on site any
longer, they were going to be met with an avalanche of firepower from the
military en route to the site and probably tens of seconds away. Grigori
took a few consecutive turns, and ended up on a descending side street.
He slowly drove along the road a few hundred metres, not bothering to go
quickly so they could get away faster.
“What are you doing Grigori?? Drive!!” Cheung yelled.

Grigori put a hand up, in a gesture to stop. He brought the truck to a stop
on the side of the road, letting the engine rumble a few seconds, before
turning it off, as well as the lights.

Grigori had parked at the bottom of a hill, in the 2nd last spot before hitting
the intersection, behind a red van, similar in shape and dimensions to
their black truck.

In the dead quiet of the night, no other cars were on the road that they
could see. But they heard the growling of several army trucks a distance
away, and sirens, heading closer towards them.

There were several roads that led to Örnevägen and the Bergman house,
but Grigori had strategically chosen the bottom of the left most, hilliest
road, intersecting with a segment leading to the freeway. Huksgatan was
a long and bumpy street, with a steep incline, and a road you just didn’t
need to take if you were heading to the northern end of town, when
adjacent roads were smoother and more direct in their ascent.

Grigori remained parked, and held his hand up, maintaining for Cheung
and Cheuk to be quiet. They obliged.

A few short moments later, several police cars zoomed past them on the
freeway segment, before turning right on an adjacent road. Grigori sank
down in the driver’s seat, and Cheung and Cheuk hid from view. The
police cars were followed by a loud military convoy, and heavily outfitted
soldiers hanging off the sides. All vehicles turned right at the next two
adjacent roads, ignoring Huksgatan, and the black truck they had passed
mere meters away from, containing the two assassins responsible for the
carnage they were about to bear witness to.

After the noise of the passing vehicles quietened down, Grigori waited a
few moments, to get a sense of the silence, and if there was any further
risk. He turned on the truck, and pulled out from behind the red van
tentatively. They crossed the freeway, and continued down the next
street, heading towards the Stockholm CBD. They eventually turned left to
a road away from Stockholm, en route to the safehouse in Västerås, about
100 kilometres away.

“That was brilliant, Grigori!” Cheung exclaimed, in awe at the tactical
thinking displayed by the elderly driver. He didn’t need to rush or speed
away to make for an effective escape. He orchestrated an illusion like a
magician.

When they arrived at the airfield safehouse outside Västerås, Cheung and
Cheuk immediately got to work in the hangar, scanning the two
basketballs with their imaging vizors, seeing what was inside, and
inspecting the contents of the hard drive.

The balls had an extremely intricate internal circuitry with tiny wires and
electronic components. Cheung and Cheuk had no idea what they were
looking at but they knew that it was definitely the real deal, and
something that was going to make Zhao very happy.

They plugged it into the computer and opened it up. It contained a folder
called “LS-000 DOCUMENTATION”, with thousands upon thousands of
documents inside, detailing the functioning, structure and operational
objectives of the construction of AI prototype bots LS-001 and LS-002,
built by Arnie and Wilma and Anil. Cheuk found the basketballs could twist
at the hemisphere, which turned them both on.

“Welcome, I am Learning System Bot Zero Zero One” the first ball spoke
in a robotic voice. Cheuk twisted the other one.

“Welcome, I am Learning System Bot Zero Zero Two” the second ball
replied.

Zhao would finally be in a good mood for once. Cheung and Cheuk were
optimistic.

They packed themselves up in preparation for Zhao’s cargo plane arrival.
The mission had been an absolute success, and they had worked through
the guilt they had for their previous failure in retrieving the assets.

The plane had arrived about an hour later, and Cheung and Cheuk jumped
aboard for the long-haul flight back to Guangzhou.

Upon their return, they were met immediately by Zhao at the base of the
plane after landing.

“Fucking brilliant guys, absolutely fucking brilliant” he hugged them both
aggressively, grinning, tremoring with excitement.

“Is that it there?” Zhao said, pointing at the two metal basketballs. He
went to inspect them. He was utterly fascinated by the circuit sheets he
could see in the interior, wrapping over each other like some kind of
artisanal chocolate cake. It was something he was going to have to
decode. Cheuk handed him the hard drive.

“Full documentation is on here. We can finally get the NIV prototypes
working with Ruo.”

“My boys… Let’s go out for dinner to celebrate”
And celebrate they did. Zhao, Cheung and Cheuk went to the premier
Peking duck specialty club restaurant in Guangzhou, and had a three-
course velvety smooth duck eating experience.

The first course was the skin, eaten in a sandwich with wheat flour
pancakes and scallions cut into thin strips. The second course comprised
the main meat of the duck sliced up and served with vegetables in a
lettuce leaf, like San Choy Bao. And lastly, the third course, was a finishing
of the duck bones in a soup with cabbage and celery.

Cheuk was satisfied and appreciative of Zhao being in a good mood, but
as he sat at the restaurant, gentle Chinese violin music in the background,
he felt ill at ease. His mind went back to the Bergman house. He thought
about Cheung’s slaughter of tens of soldiers mere hours ago, all innocent
men. And yet, in the moment, they were set on killing him, just as much
as he was set on killing them. It was all part of the mission, destroying the
enemy to retrieve the assets Zhao had tasked him with finding, hidden
underground in the Bergman laboratory.

 And yet, what he wasn’t prepared for, was how affected he was by the
unarmed man he saw there. He had no armour, no weapon, and was
dressed in nothing more than thermal pants and a tee shirt. He wasn’t a
soldier, nor was he an enemy. The second Cheung saw him, his instinct
kicked in, he fired his grenade launcher, with an intent to kill. But the
moment he shot; he caught a glimpse of the man’s eyes. They were filled
with terror, his expression a morbid canvas of confusion, anger and fear.
Cheuk saw an emotional resignation to the prospect of imminent death. At
the last split second, Cheuk redirected his launcher to a slight angle,
narrowly missing him. The blast had thrown him against the wall, and
rubble had collapsed on top.

Cheuk felt the nagging sensation of guilt pulling at him. He had never
faced and willfully murdered an innocent, unarmed person in a combat
situation, and didn’t want the man from the basement to be his first. It
weighed heavily on his conscience. He didn’t want to bring it up to Zhao,
but didn’t have anyone else to tell either. He sat on the thought, and tried
to enjoy himself in the moment, and forget about the troubles of that past.

After the dinner celebrations, Zhao had returned to the Tianhe office, with
the two robots and hard drive, while Cheung and Cheuk retired for the
night.

Zhao called Stanley, despite it being the middle of the night. It rang for a
good 30 seconds before Stanley picked up.

“Nghh, hello?” Stanley said, audibly stretching in the background.

“I’m going to need you in the office Stanley. I want to show you something
big”
“Hi Zhao, oh like, right now?”

“Yes now, it can’t wait.”

“Ok give me 15 minutes I’ll be there.”

The Tei Zhi apartment complex Zhao had housed Stanley in was a short
walk up the road from Hale offices, which was very convenient both for
Stanley not having an excessive commute to work, and Zhao for having
quick access to the man making all of this possible.

About 20 minutes later, Stanley arrived in a long, thick winter jacket and
black beanie.

“Follow me”

Zhao led Stanley through the office into the elevator that led to the floors
below ground. They arrived at the lab, which was currently a mess of
electronic scraps, holographic terminals, cables, glass and various
computers and circuits.

“Look at this, Stan”

He twisted the two LS bots, and they repeated their introductions.

“Wow, what is this some kind of rolling AI robot?”

“Yes, I…” LS-001 began

“Indeed-“ LS-002 added

“Sorry, you go first, 2” LS-001 said.

“Okay. I shall. We are indeed rolling robots. Thank you for noticing. I am 2,
and that is 1.”

1’s voice was masculine, 2’s voice was feminine. Stanley was intrigued at
the difference.

“Wow! Zhao where did these come from??”

“I built them” Zhao lied. “These are the robots I needed to help me with
my NIVs. We went off two incomplete prototypes to Feng Ruo, now we can
use LS1 and LS2 to bring the prototypes to functioning reality.”

“NIV?”
“Neural Integration Visualizers. You’re part of the rumblings of humanity
breaking new ground, Stanley. NIVs are just ROH-Type chips custom built
with an atlas cable and scanning module I designed to emulate brain
activity. LS1 and LS2 will be able to read human thoughts using that data.
I need to call Feng.”

Zhao moved to another room to call Feng, and Stanley remained with 1
and 2, inspecting them. Stanley couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He
felt like astronauts Neil Armstrong and Buzz Aldrin, stepping for the first
time on the moon. He was ecstatic to be a part of it. Zhao had offered him
such an incredible opportunity. Zhao had given thanks for the five
skeletons he had built for him already, and now he had gotten to see this,
the beginnings of the future. He couldn’t wait to see it in action.

“What… um…. What do you know?” he asked.

“Are you talking to me, or 2?” 1 replied.

“Both of you.”

“Well, we know almost the exact same things. 2 is a slightly improved
model to me, I was the very first Learning System 000 bot built by
Arnbjörn Bergman, 2 was the second.”

“Hang on hang on, did you say built by Arnbjörn Bergman?”

“That is correct.”

Stanley felt a shiver up his spine.

“Zhao didn’t build you?”

“That is correct”

Zhao had lied… Stanley stopped dead in his tracks. He could hear the
sound of his own heart beating. Ash’s hunch was right. Zhao DID have
something to do the disappearance of Ash’s parents. Stanley felt chilled to
the core. He couldn’t react, or make it known about what 1 had just said.
He needed to keep it quiet. He didn’t know if his life would be in danger
otherwise. Zhao returned from the other room, smiling.

“Feng is on his way, we are going to do a trial run now. Let me take you to
the theatre”.

“Oh, okay. Looking forward to it.” Stanley tried to hold his nerve, but his
thoughts were racing a million miles per hour. Was he in danger? Did he
need to run?
After a 30 second walk through a couple of corridors they had arrived at
what looked like a hospital operating theatre, but with far more computer
equipment jammed into the physical space than necessary, as well as
three large concentric screens attached to the ceiling, depicting various
diagrams, schematics and statistics. There was a bed-like chair in the
middle, with various mechanical apparatuses attached to the base,
hovering on rotating arms, available for use as necessary, and thick,
illuminated cables running along the floor. It looked like the most
advanced hospital operating theatre he had ever seen.

He had come rushing over after only 3 hours of sleep, and he could feel
the weight pulling on his eyelids to fall back into sleep. But he wanted…
needed, to stay up for Zhao and Feng.

Zhao was tinkering at the computer, his face illuminated in blue light,
Zhao wearing glasses he didn’t wear before.

“You wear glasses?”

“Not quite. These are AR glasses, I use them for extra monitors, full scale
and resolution. Pretty good huh? Try it yourself.”

Zhao took them off and handed them to Stanley. When Stanley put on the
glasses, there was a sudden flash in both his eyes. He blinked, and could
see what Zhao was talking about.

“You find these help much? Or not really?”

“Well, I don’t really have the space for extra monitors in here. Those three
large ones are mostly for surgical data displays. I could use them
technically, but easier just to keep things compact and accessible on the
glasses. They’re wireless, I can keep working on stuff from other rooms.
That portability alone is probably worth it. Also, they don’t work how you
think they do. There’s no projection on your retina, the glasses send
electrical signals to your occipital cortex and manually create the images
in your brain.”

“Oh shit, that’s cool. Advanced as hell. I’ve only ever seen projection-
based glasses like this.”

Stanley closed his eyes. Sure enough, he was still seeing the three extra
computer monitors Zhao had set up, with machine gear-like desktop
backgrounds, various code files and snippets pinned up all over them.

“Zhao you know, LS1 said he and LS2 were built by Arnbjörn Bergman.”

“Yes, Bergman built the product in Stockholm, I wrote the schematics and
lots of the code. It’s been a collaboration between Hale and the LS-000
unit in Sweden.”
Wow. Zhao didn’t hesitate. What the hell?

“Ah right. Where’s Arnbjörn now?”

Stanley could feel the nervous energy transferring to his knees, which
started to tremble.

“No idea. Probably on business somewhere. I just picked up the two bots
from Arn’s KTH research department and brought them here for some
work”

He wanted to believe Ash, he really did. But Zhao wasn’t hesitating at all,
his answers were as natural as you could expect them to be, coming from
someone telling the truth. His shoulders relaxed. He felt from the
beginning like he could trust Zhao, he had never been one to make bad
judgements of character. He pushed the suspicions out of his mind.

Stanley was dozing off in a chair to the side of the room when Feng Ruo
had finally arrived. Feng was accompanied by his 4 main bodyguards.

“Zhao, I need to see it. Put me in the NIV.”

Feng took off his jacket and shoes and sat in the chair in the centre, while
Zhao retrieved one of the test NIV headsets from the cabinet, and loaded
the software on his computer, typing away rapidly at the keyboard.

Feng had fixed his headset on by himself.

“Stanley, go get LS1” Zhao instructed. Stanley left to the other room.

“Who the fuck is that?” Feng asked.

“Stanley Torrens. The engineer who made this possible.”

“Looks like a weak bag of bones”

“Eh, he does the job”

Feng looked up at Zhao

“I haven’t located Wilma and Arnbjörn yet, but It remains a priority”

“We have what we need for now, don’t worry about it.”

Stanley returned with LS1 in his hands.

“Let’s plug this baby in, and see how she goes!” Zhao cackled.
“Allow me to assist” LS1 said, rotating slightly in Stanley’s hands, opening
a slot for the atlas cable from the metallic hemisphere, Zhao plugged it in,
and Feng flicked the switch on his headset.

“Feng took two prototypes a short time ago Stanley, just in case
circumstances necessitated him having a backup. The presidential
debates will be starting in early January, we will have him prepared before
then”

Prepared for the presidential debates? How would this help? Stanley
wondered.

Feng had his eyes closed. Stanley saw LS1’s circuitry flashing erratically,
and his internal drives were humming gently. He saw a little nodule
emerge from the circuitry, and it illuminated brightly, producing a crystal-
clear holographic projection in the space Infront of them. It was nothing
but a black rectangle. Feng then opened his eyes. Stanley was floored.
The holographic projection was that of a screen, and on the screen was
the mirror image of himself, looking right back at him. The perspective
shifted, as Feng moved his eyes. The holographic screen was projecting
what his eyes were seeing. Feng looked at the projection, and it produced
a droste effect.

“Zhao you fucking monster! Haha!” Feng jumped up but Zhao pushed him
back down.

“Ahhh-ta-ta, watch the cable”

The atlas cable tugged, almost pulling out from LS1’s socket.

They watched the screen morph and shift in multiple layers. The
background layer was Feng’s stable vision with his eyes open, but the
morphing frontal layers seemed to be his thoughts, his mind’s eye, being
superimposed on his vision in almost a hallucinogenic mutating pattern.
Random shapes, curves, colours and images popping into view.

“What are you reading, 1?” Zhao asked.

“I am currently receiving transmission data from the neural scanning
module, and transcribing the data back into its topological form. Please
note, my transcription modules are limited to sight and sound. I cannot
emulate taste, touch and smell.”

“Hey Feng, think of Agatha Correra’s tits”

Agatha Correra was a very well-endowed Spanish porn star, one of the
most popular in the world. Stanley was almost embarrassed to know who
she was. The image of her huge naked breasts appeared on the screen in
a vague, ghost like layer of thought, bouncing as she rode on top of a man
in a point-of-view sex video Feng must have watched in the past. Stanley
burst out laughing. Zhao and Feng started laughing too.

“I can turn off sight and sound modules independently” LS1 said. Zhao
stopped suddenly.

“Turn them both off, 1”

There was a deadly quiet in the room for a moment. Suddenly, the view of
Feng’s vision disappeared, and Agatha Correra’s naked body having
intercourse came into clean, perfect view and clarity.

“Holy shit…” Feng muttered. “It’s still reading my thoughts….”

The imagery popped and moved and contorted as Feng thought of
different things. Agatha Correra was superimposed onto imagery of trees,
grass in a park. Dogs, a skyline, spreadsheets in a business meeting.
Buildings in the sunlight, a flash, now a Church illuminated by the dark.
Memories of blood, bodies, fighting strange faces. A flash of Feng’s dog
licking his face, followed by a flash of him working at his home computer.
A flash of a sunflower, followed by a hospital. A rapid visual zoom through
the hospital, a left turn, a right turn. A patient with open bullet wounds. A
zoom into the wound, and a fade to black. Then a flash image of Feng
shooting that person, as his bodyguards held them up by the limbs.

You couldn’t tell what were memories, and what Feng was imagining. LS1
was rendering Feng’s thinking in real time, with no gaps in processing.

“This is going to be worth trillions when we release it” Feng said.

“Emphasis on the when, Feng. Hold your enthusiasm until after you get
elected”
Chapter 10

It was a few hours before rescuers managed to find and save Ash and Max
underground, beneath the rubble of the destroyed laboratory her parents
had built. Both Ash and Max were heavily bruised and barely conscious
when they were dragged out.

The event was labelled a terrorist attack in a suburban neighbourhood,
with the theft of classified scientific information compromising national
security. It was broadcast all over the world in hundreds if not thousands
of news outlets, but Ash and Max did not want their faces shown, as the
survivors of the ordeal. The media reported zero survivors, and a mass
slaughter of Swedish military forces on home soil, one of the darkest days
in modern Swedish history.

A Middle Eastern terrorist organization had claimed responsibility for the
attack, and the Swedish government and international media had rolled
with the claim based on no other evidence. It left Max and Ash on their
own, with no further information on who the mysterious, armoured men
were, who destroyed Ash’s home.

After a couple of days recovering in hospital, they had decided to go back
to Max’s apartment for the time being, in the interest of safety, not
knowing if the armoured soldiers would come back to the finish the job.
Ash’s house was still standing, but the basement in the yard had caved in
like a massive sinkhole, she didn’t want to have to worry about that.

Bessley and Anil weren’t helpful either. It was almost like Bessley’s
diligence for Operation Indie Mind had died off, and he had relegated it to
a lower position of important things to do each day, on the basis that they
were simply making insufficient progress.

And yet, today was December 30. Tomorrow Ash and Max would be flying
out to Barcelona for Lotár Warga’s special presentation, after the
conclusion of his 2029 WAU series tour.

Ash lay comfortably on Max’s bed, while he was at his desk double
checking everything for the flights tomorrow.
“God my back hurts Max. Ah, fuck”

“Well, you were buried under rubble for 36 hours Ash. That tends to
happen”

“Owwww” she groaned, sliding off the side of the bed, head and arms
dangling next to Max. His room was nice. It was a clean off white, his
desk, cupboards, drawers, everything off white, clean, no mess. Just the
posters. Why the damn 30 year old posters? He was doing so well. And his
bed sheets were white polyester, but he had a pink silk throw rug over the
top, which smelled like him. Ash sat up, bundled the together, and
pressed it into her face, taking a deep breath.

“This smells like you Max.”

“Uh, is that a bad thing?”

“Depends on the sniffer. Personally, I don’t like smelling shit” she winked,
with a smile

“Well, I think the sniffer smells shit cos she’s full of it” he pushed her
playfully, causing her to fall off balance onto her nose.

“Phwa, rude, Max, that’s not how you treat a lady” Ash scoffed, looking
away from him at the wall.

“I’ll throw this chair pillow at you in a second haha, go shower Ash we
gotta get ready for bed, flight early tomorrow”

“Okay. Do you have a hair dryer? Maybe I can wash my hair before flying”

“No hair dryer, I just towel it dry”

“Ah Max what the fuck, why you gotta do me dirty like that” she threw her
hands up in frustration. “Okay then no hair wash, will wait till the hotel”.

Ash went to shower in Max’s bathtub…thing…. A small bathtub with a
small shower head, surrounded by a 360 degree curtain. How weird. She
had never seen anything like it. It was a far cry from the large, beautiful
marble tiled bathroom and shower she had at home, complete with a
huge waterfall shower head, plus soap, shampoo and conditioner
dispensers built into the wall.

It was a tight squeeze, but she made it out in the end without slipping and
cracking her skull open. Thankfully Max’s bathroom wasn’t the mouldy,
dusty mess she expected it to be. Nevertheless, she was a bit peeved at
the inconveniently small size. Her hair felt dirty and oily. She grumbled to
herself. This wasn’t ideal at all. She brushed her teeth thoroughly with her
green electric toothbrush, then stepped out into the bedroom in a full kit
of pyjamas.

There was a certain puppy-like demeanour about her, hair mildly wetted
from the shower, makeup off, her graceful, delicate figure standing on the
carpet with her hands on her hips. She was unbelievably cute.

“Do you want me sleeping with you or on the couch?”

“Um on the couch, I’m not letting your dirty ass hair anywhere near me
hahah”

Ash jumped onto Max head first, grabbed him by the shoulders and
thoroughly rubbed his face in her hair. He coughed and spluttered in mock
outrage.

“Ah, phleugh, ok peasant you can sleep in the bed with me if you want.”

Ash smiled. Mission accomplished. She tucked herself under the blankets
(Max was still uncovered) and nestled her face into her pillow comfortably,
and sighed deeply.

She missed Stanley. There was a bit of… regret, sure. Regret that she
couldn’t spend more time with him. That he left to China so soon after
they had only just started spending intimate time together, and she left
him without the courage to tell him about Zhao. What a fucking idiot she
was. Zhao was one of two primary suspects, supported by Anil’s research
and European Intelligence. What did she think Stanley was going to
achieve going in not knowing anything about Operation Indie Mind? The
state that the world was in, with the war of machine life already
beginning?

Letting Stanley go empty handed was a terrible mistake, and one she had
regretted immensely. She hoped she still had time to turn things around.
She had sent an email to Stanley a few hours earlier, she hoped he would
reply in time before she met with Warga.

“This is real comfy. Thanks for letting me stay here Max”

“Sure thing. That’s what friends are for.”

“You know, I’m still a bit fucked up from that guy honestly”

“Do you wanna talk about it?”

“I don’t know. I just keep seeing his orange vizor in my head, it won’t go
away. And the pain of the ceiling falling on me, the shaking, and the noise.
God, the noise was awful. I felt like the world was ending or something.
You know how in World War 2 and stuff they had the whole shell shock
thing?”

“Like, stunned by the explosions?”

“Mm. I think I had shell shock. Then I remember blinking and I was just out
for the count. You ever had that in the police force?”

“We don’t generally face armoured super soldiers like that in the police
force honestly” Max replied.

Hang on a minute. Armoured…. Soldier…. Ash’s mind flashed to Stanley’s
exoskeletons in Tokyo. Jesus… her heart sank. Stanley did fly to China, but
she didn’t remember seeing any other contemporary researchers or
engineers at the conference building the kinds of powerful skeletons
Stanley was. Wasn’t he the industry front runner? For a moment,
everything Ash thought she knew about Stanley turned to dust, as she
struggled to come to terms with the possibility that maybe, just maybe,
that soldier’s armoured exoskeleton was the one manufactured by
Stanley.

It fit the bill. Stanley was contracted to go manufacture military grade
suits in China. This was a terrorist wearing a military grade suit. Ash didn’t
want to believe it. She felt herself struggling to breathe. Stanley wouldn’t
willingly make a suit for a terrorist to come destroy her home and possibly
kill her and Max. She refused to believe Stanley would do that.

Ash couldn’t hold herself back from crying. She let the tears flow freely. All
the shock, terror, defeat, apathy, loss, fear and agony, she let it wash
through her soul, cleansing it of all the pent up toxicity that was
destroying her emotionally from the inside. Max ran for tissues and
quickly pulled four out and handed them to Ash.

“Ahhh, Ash what’s wrong? Is everything ok? What are you thinking
about?”

Ash blew her nose a few times.

“Im sorry Max” she mumbled through heavy sobbing. She let her head fall
into Max’s chest, and he pulled her in closer for a hug, gently caressing
her hair.

“I’m here Ash. I’m here. Everything’s gonna be alright.”

About a minute later Ash had cried herself out of tears, and lay, drained,
on her side of the bed, breathing deeply and slowly. Max flicked off the
light, and likewise got under the sheets, too tired to stay up reading. He
felt so protective over Ash, and it troubled his heart deeply to see her in
such distress. Then, in the darkness, he suddenly felt Ash’s arm moving.
She picked up his hand, and pulled it under her arm and over her
stomach, as she cuddled up to him from the front.

“I get cold. Hope you don’t mind being the big spoon” she whispered.

“Are you a feeling a little bit better Ash?”

“Yes, thankyou Max” she giggled to herself. “Your pillows are lovely”

Max was in confused. Only a moment ago Ash was sobbing uncontrollably,
and now she had pulled herself into his chest and was cuddling up to him.
What a change of pace. He was grinning to himself like a fool, full of hot
feelings of blissful happiness. Ash felt so warm and soft, it was just
wonderful. Her hair was centimetres from his face, and he courageously
kissed her on the head gently, freaking out as soon as he did so. This was
the win he sorely needed.

He fell heavily into a dark sleep. He couldn’t remember anything
happening, it was almost like he had simply blinked, and it was already
morning. There was no time or energy to soak in the experience of being
so close to Ash in such an intimate way. He looked at the rays streaming
in through his window. Ash was waking up too.

“You wanted to wash your hair then?”

“Yesss I don’t care I’ll just towel dry it, it’s not like I know anyone in Spain”
Ash mumbled.

“Spain without the S right?”

Ash laughed.

“You know it” she replied.

“So, where and when are we meeting later tonight in Barcelona with
Warga?” Max asked.

Ash realised she had no idea. She fumbled at her zip pocket on her jacket;
the card she got from Warga wasn’t there anymore. Oh shit. She
rummaged through her suitcase to pick out the other jackets and vests
she had. She couldn’t remember which one she kept Warga’s card in.

After a few frustrated minutes of panicked searching, she felt a small
cardboard slip in the pocket of one of her pants, and frantically unzipped
it, praying it would be his card.

“JESUS. Ok. Yes, I have his card, thought I lost it. Fuck me”

She took it out to look at the email.
“Well, I would call but no way honestly, should I email? Or call? Maybe I
should call”

“Ash, just email. Then wait till we get to Spain, and call if he didn’t reply
back.”

“Good idea. One sec”

Ash got to work typing out a quick message.

Hi Lotár
Marianne here from the conference. I hope you remember me. I thought
I’d use your card and give you a quick email to say hello  sorry I didn’t
write back sooner. I’ll be in Barcelona tonight. Where is the location of the
VIP meeting? I’m looking forward to it.

Warm regards
Marianne

She wasn’t sure if that was the right kind of energy for the text, but
whatever, she’d think about it when she got there.

They caught a taxi to the airport and flew the 3.5 hour journey to
Barcelona via Iberia Airlines, the National Airline of Spain. It was a
perfectly unremarkable, boring flight. Nothing to write home about, she
thought. No snacks either for such a short journey. Mildly irritating. C’est
la Vie.

In Spain, the airport was pretty bland as well. Long, colourless
promenades sandwiched between minimalist food courts, boxed in
speciality stores, and bleak looking security terminals, vehicles and
signage.

“Who the hell hired Satan to build this airport man” Ash muttered. Max
cracked up in laughter.

“Honesty is one of your countless virtues darling”

“Oh hey there’s Wi-fi, I’ll see if Warga replied.”

Ash hooked up to the Wi-fi, filling in a quick form with her email and
ticking the box NO, she most definitely does NOT want to receive
promotional offers and regular updates from Josep Tarradellas Barcelona
El-Prat International Airport. Nothing that much of a mouthful is worth
getting updates from.

She reloaded her email, and there was a ping. Warga wrote back. Ash
read it out loud to Max.
“Hello Darling Marianne! Yes of course I remember you, how could I
forget? The VIP session will be held at 11pm tonight at the Warga
Automotive factory in town. Arrive at the entrance, and a security guard
will be verifying VIPs and letting them through to the event.
See you tonight!”

“Well, that solves that problem I guess” she said, relieved.

Ash and Max decided it was best to go to the hotel to unpack bags so they
had the freedom to move around a bit. Unfortunately, without the budget
of the European Intelligence Agency, Ash wasn’t staying in something
quite as luxurious as the Hashinami Hotel this time around. The place Max
booked was called Hotel Eighty. There was had no pool or gym, but there
was a restaurant and bar with a small piano for live music. While it wasn’t
a grandiose display of opulence and magnificence, it felt kind of like the
best kept hotel you might find in a small coastal village somewhere. Alas,
it was only for two nights. The tiled terrace with potted plants was a nice
touch.

After unpacking their bags, they went on an adventure around the
neighbourhood, enjoying the sights, sounds and smells of Barcelona in the
hotel district. Literally, every building along the block was a hotel of some
kind, Ash was perplexed, so much competitive business in such a small
space surely meant some businesses went bankrupt over others that
undercut their price and value. But she wasn’t there to fight people on
how to run a business, as tempting of an endeavour that may have been.
She was there to prepare herself for her inevitable encounter later tonight
with Lotár Warga.

Ash and Max went to a Paella eatery for dinner in the city, enjoying the
specialty Paella Marinera at El Primero Restaurant in the CBD. The taste of
iodine in the salty seafood was weirdly addictive, and Ash enjoyed
indulging in the peculiar Spanish flavours she wasn’t used to. She also
ordered a chorizo for good measure. The evening helped her calm her
nerves a bit, and she heard some interesting stories from Max’s past.

After a hearty meal and a relaxing evening, they back to Hotel Eighty for a
nap before getting ready to attend Warga’s party. Ash wasn’t feeling the
nerves throughout the day, but when the time had come to finally catch a
taxi to the venue, for the first time that day, she was anxious. Along the
drive, she kept checking her phone periodically, wondering if for some
reason Warga would change his mind, email her he’d found out her real
name, or email her the party was off, or some other things she didn’t want
to think about. No such emails came, and, after a substantial number of
warm orange street lights along the highway, they finally arrived at the
Warga Automotive Factory.
There was a perimeter set up with barbed wire fencing, and a security
gate to get inside, with lots of lights illuminating the resort-spaceship
hybrid of a factory. There were open fields of lush grass flowing around
multiple moat-like rivers throughout the compound, and a multicoloured
forest of flowers and trees dotted in the open area before the factory
itself. And the factory… oh the factory was strange. Giant, metallic,
topological anomalies served as convoluted segmentations of the snake
like building, extending further backwards than the eye could see. Each
building segment with its own flair, and radical design aesthetic.
Seemingly impossible architectural geometries supported by no doubt
some of the most innovative and powerful foundation schematics in
modern architecture.

Ash couldn’t stop to appreciate the beauty, because she had now come to
the gate, and remembered she did not bring the VIP ticket from the
conference. The main cause could have been attributed to the fact she
hacked a key card to access the party and didn’t have a ticket in the first
place, but now was in trouble as the guard was pressuring her and Max for
more information.

“One second please let me call Señor Warga”

There was a brief exchange in Spanish. Ash didn’t know what was said.
The guard asked Ash again, “Madam, what is your name?”

“Marianne”

The man said her name along with some more Spanish she couldn’t pick
up or understand. His conversation with Warga continued, to her great
discomfort.

Surely it didn’t take that long to confirm that she needed to be let in… she
should have made the effort to contact Anil and ask for his help in forging
a ticket. If that would have even been possible. But it was too late for that
now. Her heart was pounding. This conversation was going on far longer
than it needed to be.

“For fuck’s sake” Ash mumbled under her breath. The guard lowered his
phone. She was going to pass out if he heard that.

“Please, come through mam. Rodrigo will take you to the location”

She breathed a heavy sigh of relief.

“You ok?” Max whispered in her ear.

“Don’t let me throw up, Max”
Rodrigo appeared to be a bit over dressed for the job of a cart driver, he
arrived in a full plain black tuxedo, in a golf cart looking vehicle, and took
them through the front of the factory building to a large lift. As soon as
they stepped on it, the lift made an audible clanging and gear churning
noise, and rapidly accelerated upwards, pulling them to the next floor,
along with the golf cart. This nearly threw Ash off balance. In under 2
seconds they hit the one of the upper levels, and Rodrigo cleared his
throat.

“Ahem, please follow me, I shall escort you to Dr Warga’s event”

They were led through an elegant metal/ceramic contoured hall, with
photos, memorabilia, and merchandise, as well as hundreds of trophies,
related to the Warga Automotive Brand, and it’s fantastic success in the
international S1 racing circuit. They managed consecutive runner up
positions in their first two seasons as an S1 team, an unprecedented feat.

They arrived at a production floor B-001. Rodrigo opened the door, and
inside, Warga was already waiting, with the same group of VIPs Ash
remembered from the first day of the conference.

“Ah, Marianne! Fantastic to see you. Excuse me Sir, but do you have a VIP
ticket?” He looked to Max, apprehensive.

“I’m with her” Max replied, nodding at Ash.

“I’m sorry Sir but nobody without a ticket is permitted to this viewing.
Marianne I saw at the conference so can verify she is part of this, but I’m
afraid you will have to leave”

Ash’s heart skipped a beat. Shit. She needed Max for moral support. She
wasn’t going to question Warga’s decision though, she needed to be on
his good side.

“Sorry, I’ll see you later” she said to Max feebly. Luckily, he understood
the same, and did not put up a fight. They didn’t need to be making a
scene. Max turned around with Rodrigo, and they left the floor, Rodrigo
closing the door behind them. Ash caught Max’s eyes one last time,
before the door shut. Great. Now she had no backup.

Warga continued, “It would appear all of the VIPs have arrived, thankfully
the lovely Marianne is the last, I received notifications ahead of time that
Mr and Mrs Dovyuchkin won’t be able to make it tonight, so we will be
continuing without them”

Her eyes scanned the room, she couldn’t see the old couple from the
elevator, they must have been the Dovyuchkins.
“So, the show tonight is focused on two new products in development for
a 2030 commercial release, and I would like the department heads of both
to present them. The first is going to be from Warga Automotive”

They were in an elevated passageway overlooking a large set of
processing machines that built many of the car skeletons. The lights went
off, and a UV light illuminated the room. Out of the floor panels, there was
another grinding of gears, and a sudden opening. Through the floor, a car
emerged, without any wheels, just sitting on the floor. There was an
electric whirr, and the car turned on with bright LED’s. It began to float,
several inches off the floor. Ash took a step forward to lean over the edge,
for a closer look.

“Two years ago, the world was sent into a frenzy when Dr Daniela
Cojocaru won the Global Science Association’s prize for her revolutionary
work on quantum propagators. Now, we won’t bore you with the details.
This evening certainly isn’t a presentation about scientific minutiae. We
are here to share Dr Cojocaru’s achievements and thank her for working
so closely with us over the last two years, and giving us uninterrupted
access to her proprietary electromagnetic propagator technology. Dr
Daniela Cojocaru!”

A small but elegantly dressed woman in a pine green evening gown
stepped into the open space, to a gentle round of applause, and a
spotlight illuminated her from above.

Her sharp, aristocratic brow finessed out of two deep-set, mysterious
      eyes. There was an
uncomfortable darkness about them, too much for Ash’s liking. Were it not
      for the wet glint in her
eyeball and the eerie scar above her right eye, you could have just as
      easily been convinced she
was not a real person. She was beautiful, to be sure, in some ways this
      was correct. And yet, it
tangibly missed the mark for some inexpressibly artificial characteristics
      of her face, which Ash
couldn’t quite put her finger on.


“Thanks must go to Dr Warga of course for providing me with the facilities
and financing to bring my research and development to the next level, I
am inexpressibly grateful for this, and I couldn’t have done it without your
help Lotár.” Her voice was so feminine and enchanting, mellifluous. Ash
glanced to Warga. He blew her a kiss and winked. Wow. She definitely did
not want to know what was happening there.

“The model is called the Warga Panther, and will be the first free magnetic
levitation motor vehicle in the world, entirely controlled with Dr Warga’s
Environment Mapping AI, constantly being updated not only from Warga
vehicles owners doing their own travelling, but working and updating
simultaneously on a map network kept running by every Warga car across
the world. The magnetic levitation benefits will be almost immeasurable,
trillions saved on tires, helping the environment. Energy efficiency,
exponentially higher safety standards. Little cricks or holes in the road,
uneven surfaces, littered terrain, these problems will cease to exist. The
Warga Panther is the next generation of human transportation, taking us
further as a human race, than we have ever gone before. At least on the
road” Daniela laughed. “Please enjoy the demonstration!”

She stepped back beside Lotár, and the spotlight switched off. The floor
below them illuminated a track with LED lights, and the driverless car
moved forward and followed the illuminated track, without any further
assistance. It weaved and ducked for a couple of minutes around the
various set up machines and obstacles on the floor, to highlight its
excellent mobility. It was fascinating to watch. Almost like one of those
little race cars on plastic tracks you can buy in hobby shops, with a little
trigger gun to make them go faster along the track while trying not to fall
off.

Eventually, after its extensive manoeuvring, it settled back in its place,
and was lowered underground from where it originally sprung up from,
resting against the floor. Ash had a lot of questions about how that
worked. It blew her fucking mind, she hoped to be able to talk to Daniela
afterwards to find out more. Maglev cars without a track was some
seriously magic stuff.
“We hope you’ve enjoyed the Warga Panther demonstration everyone.
New Year’s Celebrations will be beginning soon. Allow me to show you a
new milestone for Warga Robotics in the adjacent floor. Please follow me”.

Everybody went into the large horizontal elevator at the end of the
passageway, which transported them through the wall of production floor
B-001 and into B-002, which was covered completely in white, all
machinery, work stations, either painted in white or covered in white tarp-
like sheets and pinned down with metallic tape. The elevator slowed, and
the door opened to an identical looking passageway to before. Warga took
a few steps out and turned around.

“Is everybody here still?” He did a quick head count, mumbling to himself
as he counted.

“Full attendance! Nobody was lost along the way! Very good! Now, in this
room I would like to give a demonstration of my personal pride and joy, a
project I’ve been working on with another researcher and machine
learning engineer, Dr Helena Duysen. Dr Duysen is not here at present,
she wanted to join after the demonstration. Lights please!” the lights went
out again, and the UV illumination came on. Soft music started playing
from somewhere, but Ash couldn’t pinpoint exactly, it was like it was
coming from every surface. A humanoid figure came into view below
them. Ash could see the sheen of metal on the robot.

It looked about 6 feet tall. It had long limbs and a graceful figure, and
walked with a distinctive, smooth, dancer’s gait. There was no jittery joint
articulation, no mechanical property to its movement. It was fluid,
flawless.

A second figure emerged from the darkness, and joined the other robot.
This new one had broad shoulders and a narrow waist. It’s arms and legs
were thicker, an aesthetically calculated masculine physique. It was
noticeably taller, Ash guessed it was 6’4 at least.

The two robots linked arms, and circled around each other. They were in a
sensual, delicate dance.

Ash watched in amazement as the two robots performed in unison,
dignified, flowing manoeuvres, comprising elements of ballet and
improvisational turns, jumps, twists and contortions. Everything was
executed with pin point precision. What amazed Ash the most was the
ridiculously precise articulation of the hands and fingers in dance, the
fingers splayed and grasped like actual human hands. When the male
robot caught the female from a jump, it bent its knees and corrected its
posture, to absorb the impact, in perfect, intelligent movement and
decision making.

After several minutes of dance, the robots stopped, a spotlight came on,
and they looked up at the group and bowed. Ash saw limited facial
features, just the basic contours, no mouth, eyes or features, just the
outlines.

A door opened from the side of the room, and a woman walked out.
Nothing, out of all the emotional torture she’d been through in the last few
weeks, witnessing Waker’s death, fearing for her life on the run from
Tokyo, nearly being killed by an unknown soldier in her own home, could
have prepared her for this moment. The soft, infectious smile and the
bright, green eyes. It was unmistakeable. She was wearing contacts and
her hair was dyed blonde, but it was unmistakable. Wilma Bergman was
alive and well.
Chapter 11

Ash felt a torrent of emotion pour through her, and could barely hold back
the tears. She couldn’t jump down from that height, but wanted
desperately to run to her mother. She had to hold back for the moment.
Wilma hadn’t yet noticed her, likely because she was illuminated by a
spotlight while Ash was up on a dark platform. Wilma approached the two
robots, which bowed to her and stood up straight, while she introduced
herself.

“Ladies and gentlemen, I hope you enjoyed that special presentation of
the newest flagship product in development for 2030 at Warga Robotics. I
am delighted to introduce myself on this very momentous occasion. My
name is Dr Helena Duysen. I am a machine learning engineer, and I have
been working with Dr Warga on producing the most human-like robot ever
created, for commercial and domestic needs.”

She took a pause, for effect.

“The purposes of this robot were twofold, firstly, to function in industrial
settings as an employee performing all physical duties and responsibilities
of its human counterparts, without compromising on efficacy and long-
term performance human employees can be quite prone to losing. And
the second, to replicate those all-encompassing physical capabilities a
personal assistant in the modern home. A butler, cleaner, caretaker, chef,
and any other needs the modern home requires, can be comfortably,
effectively and flawlessly performed by these robots. The product line is
called, Zeta. The male robot is called Zeta Robert, and the female robot is
called Zeta Michelle. The dance routine was designed to highlight the
poise, precision and expertise of the most human like movement ever
created in a man-made machine. I thank you all for being here tonight,
and shall return it to Dr Warga”

There was a round of applause, as everyone turned to Warga once more.

“Please everyone, New Years is in 10 minutes, we will be exiting via the
door Dr Duysen came in through together, to a viewing hall to see the city
fireworks, and I have prepared a wonderful little celebration for us with
starred catering for your enjoyment.”

Ash was about to burst into tears. She got into the elevator to the floor
with everyone, while Wilma waited at the bottom for them. As soon as the
elevator door opened, everyone filtered out, and Wilma finally saw Ash,
and dropped the digital notepad she was holding, and it broke against the
floor.

“Oh my god…” Wilma’s voice broke. Ash thrust her head into her mother’s
arms and started silently weeping, barely able to control herself. Wilma
was tearful and emotional too.

“Ash honey oh my god you’re okay!”

The rest of the group got to the door, and Warga turned around.

“Excuse me Dr Duysen, Marianne, we are waiting. Could I please have a
word with you afterwards?”

“Yes, Sorry Lotár, we are coming.” She replied, wiping her eyes with a
sniffle. “Let’s go Ash, we’ll chat in a minute”

They caught up to the group, and went through the floor door into an
alley-like tunnel between buildings. They walked for a short distance to
the next building, and went inside, where they caught another elevator.
This one took them all the way to the top floor. As the doors opened, they
entered a restaurant-like area with a 360-degree view of Barcelona
around them, and some workers were already there, a handful of waiters,
chefs and assistants. Some large screens were set up near the bar area
showcasing the local time, with three minutes remaining on the clock until
midnight.

“Everyone, please make yourselves comfortable and enjoy the buffet, I
wish you all an incredible new year in 2029, and it has been wonderful
sharing my work with you all at the conference and this special evening”

The group dispersed into the restaurant, some going straight to tables,
others going to the food as a priority. There was a guitarist and singer on
a little stage setup to the left of the room, and they were performing one
of their songs. It was quite a sweet atmosphere.

Ash was holding onto Wilma. Lotár approached them, separate from the
group.

“So, this is your daughter I take it” he said, inspecting Ash up and down.
“Sorry Wilma, I had no idea.”

“Hang on just a minute. How do you two even know each other?” Ash
asked.

“It’s a long story Ash. I”ve been friends with Lotár for many years. We met
in high school”

Ash interjected abruptly

“Lotár, you told Shuchang Zhao you would ensure my parents’
cooperation in bringing their research to the public, after he accused them
of being criminals. Why did you do that? Why on earth would you do that
if you were our friend? What kind of betrayal is that?” Ash said, with tears
in her eyes. The TV started the countdown, the rest of the restaurant was
counting with it. Lotár gazed solemnly into Ash’s eyes.

“I had to protect your mother, Ash. Zhao is a very powerful man, and I
could not allow my friendship with Wilma to come to light when Wilma and
Arnbjörn’s lives were in danger. The only way forward was illusion.”

“HAPPY NEW YEAR!!” A chorus of voices erupted together as the clock
struck midnight. The musical duo was singing away, the banging of pots
and clinking of plates and cooking food from the kitchen, all contributed to
the song.

“Where is dad?” Ash turned to Wilma. “Is he safe? Is he here too?”

“We don’t know, honey. We separated a while ago, shortly before we left
Stockholm. I thought about bringing your father with us to Lotár, but he
said it was too dangerous, and he couldn’t travel with me. I don’t know
where he is right now, he left me right before I got on the plane to
Hungary at Arlanda.”

Ash really hoped Zhao had not found a way to track down her father.


“Mom, the house was nearly destroyed and I was buried alive for 36 hours
with Max.”

Wilma’s expression instantly changed to shock. “Destroyed? What do you
mean destroyed?”
“The house was put on high alert after you disappeared as a potential
attack site, the lab was guarded by fucking special forces in assault outfits
and weapons. Max and I were in the basement when some soldier in an
exoskeleton suit blasted through the roof with heavy explosives, I was
buried under rubble. Max said the soldier said a name, “Chung”, before he
shot a grenade at Max and he was also buried under rubble. It’s a miracle
we’re still alive honestly.”

“Jesus Christ Ash, I’m so sorry we put you through that! We should have
told you sooner”

“Another thing….” Ash collected her thoughts, trying to process the
implications.

“I went to the AI conference in Tokyo and met an engineer there named
Stanley Torrens. He was presenting high powered exoskeletons for
predicted mostly military use. He got offered a multi million dollar contract
to work for Zhao in China, who reached out to recruit him, and I watched
him leave on the day of departure. I also met Anil at the conference, and
he told me Hale Laboratories had a vicious demonisation campaign
against the LS-000 laboratory for the longest time. Zhao is the executive
of Hale Labs behind closed doors, Michael Hale retired long ago and only
acts as a public proxy. Here’s the thing; I think Stanley made the
exoskeleton of that soldier who destroyed the lab in Stockholm. It makes
absolute sense. Zhao’s long held corporate vendetta against LS-000, and
him calling you and dad criminals at the conference demanding you be
held accountable. Zhao then proceeds to recruit the premier military
skeleton builder in America to work for him, and, no surprises, shortly
thereafter, the owners of the lab he hates more than anything have their
facility destroyed, and confidential assets stolen. Zhao is behind the
attack, I’m dead certain. But that’s no proof he definitely found dad.”

Lotár and Wilma were taking it in.

“Oh fuck I almost forgot Bessley!” Ash exclaimed.

“Who Is Bessley?” Wilma asked.

“There’s a whole European search party out for you, Operation Indie Mind,
a guy called Bessley from European Intelligence contacted me, told me
about the whole situation. Mom I’ve been through absolute shit looking for
you and I can’t handle this right now. Happy new year or whatever but I
just need a break from this, can we please go back to the hotel? Max is at
the entrance too; he’ll lose his head when he sees you.”

“We can’t sweetie, Lotár has the best security for me right now, and I
need to maintain the façade of Helena Duysen. It’s not a safe climate for
me to leave this place yet.”
Ash got angry for a moment, then her expression softened, and the tears
started flowing. She fell into Wilma’s arms again, crying into her mother’s
shoulders. She couldn’t argue with the facts. Wilma was right. It was not
safe. She had lasted this long in this global witch hunt only thanks to
Lotár’s protection. And now, she needed it more than ever. At the very
least, Ash could rest easy now that her mother was safe and sound. She
needed to regroup, call Bessley and the ESI and let them know Wilma was
safe, and think about her next move, to look for her father. Ash and Wilma
could not lower their guard, until the threat of Shuchang Zhao had been
eradicated.
The festivities continued for about two more hours, but Ash returned back
to Max only thirty minutes later, after farewelling Lotár and Wilma. Max
was dozing off in the reception area of the entrance building, when Ash
came to awaken him.

“AHH!” he jumped up in a fright from Ash’s touch. “Holy shit, Ash, are you
ok? What did you find? What happened?” Max said in a panic. Ash took his
hands in hers calmly, and led him outside, out of earshot of the guards in
the block. She looked into Max’s eyes.

“Everything is ok. Lotár Warga is a long-time friend of Wilma, and has
been keeping her safe here since their disappearance. She’s got a new
identity of Helena Duysen. I saw her, she is safe, she is healthy,
everything is absolutely fine. Lotár is innocent. Everything points to Zhao
as the next target, I’m dead certain he ordered the Stockholm attack, and
I’ve all but proven he has kidnapped Arnie. We’re going to Guangzhou. “

“Oh wow, I totally didn’t see that one coming. So its just… It’s done?
Warga is… on our side, and you’re just leaving Wilma here? Ash why?”

“I’m not just leaving Wilma here, this is the safest place for her to be, with
Lotár, as Helena Duysen. There is no guarantee of her safety as long as
Zhao roams free.”

“Madam, would you like a lift?” Rodrigo pulled up seemingly out of thin air
next to them, still dressed in his tuxedo, sitting in a 2028 Warga GT
supercar.

Max was thoroughly impressed, and couldn’t hold back his enthusiasm,
running around the side of the car and getting into the passenger seat in
the blink of an eye.

“Get in Ash, Rodrigo is taking us to the hotel” He proclaimed, confident as
a rooster.

“Señor Warga requested I take you to your hotel in a comfortable but
stylish ride.”
Ash inspected the 4-seater car. It was definitely ridiculously aesthetic.
While she did lie to Warga in Tokyo to squeeze information out of him, she
genuinely did appreciate his beautiful car designs, and none were more
streamlined, powerful or desirable than the flagship GT race car.
Regardless of her feelings, she was going back to the hotel tonight with
Max either way, she might as well do it in style. She cracked a smile.

“Ok, let’s do it.” Ash opened the door to the back seat and made herself
comfortable for the drive home.

Along the way, they spoke briefly with Rodrigo, who spoke very fondly of
Lotár, and said he had always shown him kindness, as well as many
others. Lotár did not let his power or influence get to his head, and treated
everybody equally, regardless of who they were. It was a reassuring
conversation to have, and gave Ash a certain spiritual comfort, to feel like
finally, things were starting to go her way, and things were starting to
work out favourably. She thought about Arby, how he must be feeling all
alone. And Bessley. Waker. Watanabe. Ash thought of all the anguish
she’d been through over the last few weeks, and let the feeling of
progress wash over her completely. She flicked open her Japanese burner
phone she got from Bessley in Japan. The W and B were still in the
contacts. She exchanged the sim card with her roaming sim in her regular
phone, and wrote a text to Bessley.

I found Wilma. She is safe. Warga is innocent and on our side. Will update
when I know more. Next best move is Zhao, I think.


Feng Ruo was in an election battle for the ages, running against the
tightest political establishment China had seen in several decades. He had
constructed a liberal political discourse centred on freedom and
democracy, driven by his fanatical obsession with futurism and advanced
technology and innovation. His opponent in today’s debate, was Zhang
Aiguo, incumbent president and leader of the communist party. Zhang
may have just been the talking head of greater, more insidious figures in
the communist party, but he certainly was no intellectual slouch himself,
with an extensive background in pure sciences giving him a razor-sharp
acumen into the fabric of social society, and how to navigate it, Unlike
many of the lesser minds in the Chinese political sphere. If any contender
was going to pose a serious threat to Ruo’s presidency, it was Zhang
Aiguo.

They traded punches, on topics ranging from the state of the economy, to
China’s powers and progress in the race towards sentient AI. Ruo’s mind
flashed in memory of what they had achieved with Zhao, and how much
potential there was still before them. He lost no momentum on the
question, offering euphemised but promising declarations, he stood on a
firm political ground of scientific innovation and priority, and the number
one goal in that realm was China winning the race towards sentient AI
under Ruo’s leadership. A bold journalist even asked the question of Ruo,
if he knew what had happened to the Bergmans of the pioneering LS-000
Swedish AI research group, but Feng Ruo was not shaken, and his
constitution could not be broken. It drove him mad internally that he still
could not track the Bergman’s down, but their NIV developmental success
with Zhao, was the best they could have hoped for.

Now, here was where things got interesting. Nobody knew exactly when or
how it was possible that it could have happened, but Feng had
orchestrated it so perfectly, that there was little left to the imagination,
the case was clear cut as a terrorist intervention.

It was a plan which took months of strategizing in advance, but one which
they were never going to be able to execute until the first debate against
the candidate he would be going up against in the presidency. And
execute the plan Feng did, believing ahead of time with a sixth sense no
less, that by faking his own kidnapping alongside his rival political
candidate, he and Zhao would have come up by then with a technology
capable of influencing the thoughts, beliefs and nature of their political
enemies.

No such technology had existed at the time the plan was birthed. And yet,
through the divinity of fate, Feng’s foresight proved to be invariably
correct.

Zhang was captured with Feng and the two of them were both tortured in
an underground Hale compound, hidden deep underground in the
mountain city of Chongqing. That is to say, Aiguo was tortured. Ruo was
sitting comfortably in the next room, acting out the audio of his
desperation and terror.

Zhang cried out, too weak to speak up.

Zhao had brought the Neural Integration Visualizer with him, as well as
LS1, to the room where Aiguo was being beaten to his limits. They were
going to effectuate their first trial of active manipulation of consciousness
using LS1’s AI machinery. They just needed Aiguo to be be awake.

混蛋，醒醒 (Motherfucker, wake up). A voice roused Aiguo from his lapsing
consciousness. He grasped tentatively at his head, there was some kind of
metallic helmet he was wearing secured firmly to his skull. His eyes were
so bruised up he could barely see, and his hands and torso and legs were
aching deeply in pain.

不知道你想要什麼！請告訴我！ (I still don’t know what you want! Please tell
me! I can help you!) Aiguo cried out, too weak to speak up.
Zhao connected the atlas cable to LS1, who projected a holographic
screen of what Aiguo’s mind was seeing. He turned off eye input, and
could see Aiguo’s flurrying thoughts and imagery flashing through his
consciousness. An image in the background kept appearing. It looked to
be an open, sunlit field, set against a mountainous backdrop. Switzerland,
Zhao guessed. There was screaming, Ruo in the other room had had
enough, and wanted to come watch. It sounded like he passed out from
his “beatings” by Cheuk. Aiguo glazed over in detachment. He was not
present in the moment. His eyes were pleading, expectant of death. Zhao
heard him praying silently to himself.

您在職業生涯中從事過哪些違法活動？ (What illegal activities have you done
during your political career?) Zhao asked, wondering what LS1 would see.
The first image that came up on the screen was Aiguo bending over a
table of white powder and snorting it, breathing heavily. Subsequent
images showed meetings with a variety of people, dark backgrounds,
nights, lights, car interiors. Point of view intercourse with a woman who
was not his wife, and another woman watching. A scene of Aiguo
witnessing two men decapitating someone. His men? A flash to his
computer screen, hard drive, copying files, images. Blood, death. Another
death. Fire. Aiguo’s mind was going crazy.

This was all the black ammunition they could possibly need to destroy
him. That kind of political execution would cause a political earthquake,
especially coming from someone as deeply grounded, respected and
feared as Zhang Aiguo. Zhao was paranoid some trail of breadcrumbs,
somewhere, would lead back to Ruo and incite a legal gunfight that was
going to hurt his chances massively at a smooth, successful election. Ruo
had built up a reputation of trust, honesty and integrity with his followers,
should he be accused of any agendas involved with the kidnap and torture
of his opponent, that would be disastrous.

The images began to fade, as Aiguo’s head lolled sideways. He appeared
to have fallen asleep.

“You record everything right 1?”

“Yes, everything is stored in regenerative network memory.”

“We can’t blackmail him or expose him, it’s too risky, and will put too
many suspicious eyes on Ruo as the instigator of the political
assassination. 1, I know you can read neural signals, but can you also
concurrently simulate them?”

“I do not understand the question”
Zhao was wondering how he could modify the helmet to allow input in
reverse, to give LS1 the mode to stimulate Aiguo’s brain to produce
fabricated memories, thoughts and visualizations. He had an idea.

“I’ll be right back, 1”. He unplugged the atlas cable from 1, and went a
few doors down the corridor to a room with electrical equipment. Ruo was
on a phone call in the corridor.

“One second” Ruo muted the call. “Any luck with Aiguo?”

“Yes, but we need to think about his more carefully, we can’t just extort
him outright, that would be foolish. Go see him if you want a closer look,
I’ll be right there.” Zhao replied.

He opened the door to a laboratory of medical equipment. He was looking
for a head circuit net for transcranial magnetic stimulation. He saw the net
in the first cupboard he opened on the bottom right far corner of the
room. He grabbed it and flicked off the lights, before heading back to
Aiguo and Ruo.

“Take off the NIV helmet, I want to put this on first.”

Ruo unscrewed and unstrapped the helm from Aiguo’s head, and Zhao
fitted him with the electromagnetic head net. Ruo then re screwed the
helmet on top.

“1, I need to know, can you produce a signal via the atlas cable? Or can
you only receive input?”

“I can produce a signal too” LS1 replied.

“Could you reverse the direction of the input you were receiving a minute
ago from Aiguo, and feed him back modified neural patterns into his
mind?”

“I can reverse the signal yes. I have not done this task before, but it is
functionally possible. I just need the subject’s brain to be within an
electromagnetic field I have access to.”

Exactly as Zhao had predicted.

“I put a net on him, can you try to send input to his brain?””

Zhao plugged in the atlas cable again, and LS1 booted up his holographic
screen. Zhao saw a lot of flickering lights inside LS1’s shell. The screen
was changing colours as 1 processed things.

“Can you show me the periodic table of elements?”
LS1 fed this information to Aiguo, and the holographic screen started
changing colours again. In a couple of moments, it showed a clear grid
visualization of the periodic table of elements, almost like a computer
monitor. It was crystal clear, remarkably so.

“So this is in his head right now? This is what his brain is registering?”
Zhao asked.

“The subject is in the Rapid Eye Movement stage of a sleep cycle. The
current images are being executed as dreams, to be encoded in the
subject’s memory” LS1 replied.

“You mean he’s dreaming about the periodic table?”

“Yes.”

Now this… this was the next level of world changing technology.

“I need you to make the subject conscious of a desire to resign from the
presidential race. Can you make him do think this? Also make him forget
of his capture, and the capture of his rival Feng Ruo.”

LS1 didn’t reply. The screen flickered some more in several colours, and
turned to a vague, hallucinogen-like soup of light and distortion. Ruo
finished his phone call and walked in.

“What’s going on?” He inquired.

“1?” Zhao looked down at the small metal ball. Still no reply. Was he
processing the request? Zhao couldn’t be sure. The hallucinogenic soup
was still scintillating on the screen. Some seconds later, LS1 turned off the
holographic screen.

“I…don’t know, Ruo” Zhao replied.

“I have completed your request” LS1 said suddenly.

“Wait, are you sure? What did you just do?” Zhao’s heart was beating
faster.

“In the subject’s mind, I have produced a strong Rapid Eye Movement
sleep stage memory of a conscious desire to resign from the presidential
election race and the subject’s political career.”

Fuck. If this works that will be a perfect outcome for them. Veteran
politician gets kidnapped and tortured, loses his political ambitions and
desire for the presidency, changes his mind on things and steps away to
live the quiet life. Nobody would suspect Ruo. After a kidnapping and
torturing, it would be very believable for Aiguo to lose heart for the race.
This was going to be the best possible position.

Aiguo was still passed out and strapped to the chair.

“Cheuk!” Zhao yelled into the compound.

“Comiiiing!” A voice was heard in the distance. Zhao checked his watch. It
was nearly 3am. They were going to need to dump Aiguo somewhere
discreet, and let the cops pick him up in the morning. The Jiangbei Park
nearby would be the perfect location.

“Cheuk! I need you to….” Zhao said loudly. Cheuk arrived at the door.
“Oh, that was quick” his voice lowered again. “Unscrew Aiguo and drop
him in the gutter at Jiangbei Park for the authorities to find in a few hours.
Nobody will be there at this time, and it’s pissing rain. Go with Grigori,
he’s waiting in the garage.”

“Yes, boss.” Cheuk got to work on the straps.

“Ruo, Let’s go through the tunnel, it exits to a helipad. We’ll go to Guizhou
first, then take my jet back to Guangzhou. You don’t need to fake it
anymore, I’m pretty sure LS1 just solved our problem.”

They went to the basement and followed the tunnel out, before flying
away from the Chongqing compound. The authorities would be wondering
how he ended up in Chongqing of all places. But that was none of Zhao’s
concern. He had made absolutely certain there would be no breadcrumbs
left on their expedition, and a ride back to Guangzhou would leave it
almost certain that Zhang Aiguo would not be a threat any longer. But
naturally, there would be public commotion after the fact. After Aiguo so
suddenly decided to step away from the hot plate. No doubt they would
replace him with an alternative from the party. An alternative less
experienced, less well-versed. Someone who wouldn’t be as much of a
threat as Aiguo was.

Naturally, however, this would only hold up if LS1’s tinkering was In fact
successful. They won’t know until likely the news announced it either later
today in the evening, or sometime in tomorrow’s news. The result came
sooner than expected, only a few hours later. At 9am in the morning,
state news announced the unfathomable outcome that Zhang Aiguo,
Communist presidential candidate for the 2029 presidential election, the
biggest competitor to Feng Ruo’s absolute domination of the political
landscape, had withdrawn from the presidential race, and an associate
from the party would be taking his place. There were no comments from
Aiguo himself, merely representatives speaking on his health, citing that
his kidnapping and torture had disincentivised him from pursuing the
presidency, and he no longer wanted to be a part of it.
His replacement? A virtual unknown. Liu Bolin, a younger candidate. Fresh
faced and inexperienced, ripe for embalming in all the essential oils and
spices of indoctrination and fanatical zealotry.

Zhao and Ruo finished watching the news, enjoying breakfast together in
his offices at Hale. Stanley Torrens was with them.

“Zhao, what you’ve done with LS1 is nothing short of a miracle. This…. I
don’t even know what to say. Where to begin.”

They were giddy in enthusiasm. Stanley almost felt left out, but it didn’t
bother him. Once had found his groove in the swing of things, he liked to
get lost in his thoughts. Lost in prototyping, experimentation and testing.
And it certainly helped that Zhao had a seemingly unlimited budget. By
now, Stanley felt like Ash was a distant memory of the past. He could
barely remember her touch, or her scent. Or the texture of her hair, or the
softness of her lips. He hadn’t heard from her in a very long time, and he
wasn’t quite sure why. He had sent email messages, more than he could
count. He missed her severely. But he didn’t let it incapacitate him.

He was having fun with Zhao. It was the opportunity of a lifetime. And he
finally got to put his skeletons to practical use, at New Year’s Eve,
deploying several XMM2 next generation skeletons in various Guangzhou
locations with police, to keep rabid protestors suppressed, who were
fighting their absolute spirits out in refutation of those provoking the
dissolution of the Overton Window.

“Where can we go from here?” Ruo asked Zhao, who looked to Stanley
and grabbed him affectionately by the shoulder.

“My good friend Stanley here is an engineer specialised in component
miniaturisation. Next, we are going to go smaller, and we are going to go
wireless.”

Chapter 12

Ash had spent her remaining day in Barcelona with Max in a solemn
comfort, in a deeper state of peace she hadn’t known in some time. They
hopped from café to café, soaking in the gorgeous Baroque and Gothic
architecture. In the afternoon, Max wanted to go to the biggest art
museum in Spain, but Ash wasn’t sure she would have the patience, so
she let him go alone, while she went to a Flamenco show in Las Ramblas,
conveniently something Max had no interest in, so they both got to do
something they enjoyed.

In the evening, they played scraps together in the hotel. Bessley hadn’t
replied the entire day, and Ash was wondering why, considering the
gravity of her discovery that Wilma was safe and well. Then, her phone
rang.
“Ash, where are you right now?” Bessley’s smooth British accent asked.

“In Barcelona, leaving tomorrow back to Stockholm, did you get my
email?”

“Yes, where is your mother?”

“She’s with Warga in the Barcelona factory, he’s on our side, he’s keeping
her protected.”

“What about your father? Did she say anything about where he might
be?”

“No, she has no idea”

“Ash there’s been an update from Anil. He’s been keeping tabs on Zhao
via Jing’s updates, Jing confirmed Zhao ordered the attack on the house to
extract the LS-000 data and assets. Jing also said the attack was carried
out by Cheung Min Liu and Cheuk Su Huang, two military trained killers
working for Zhao. I’m sorry to tell you this Ash, but Cheung and Cheuk
were equipped with the XMM suits of Stanley Torrens, who I believe you
befriended.”

It took a moment for that piece of information to sink in. Ash was
shattered. She had known things were going to get bloody in her search
for Arnbjörn and Wilma, but never expected them to get personal. This
was surely the universe’s way of getting back at her for ruining the life of
her former employer. Karma was a bitch. Maybe Ash was, too. She felt a
sourness in her mouth. Acrid disappointment.

“Also, you should know, the assets Zhao stole were the first two models of
the LS-000 AI series. Despite not being sentient prototypes yet, they are
still extremely powerful. Further, we have intelligence that Zhao and
wildcard presidential front runner, Goro founder Feng Ruo, are working
closely together to clear the road of Ruo’s competition towards the
Chinese presidency. A short while ago, his biggest threat, Zhang Aiguo,
resigned from office and abandoned the presidential race. The communist
party is not known for running from a fight, and Zhang Aiguo had one of
the most killer mindsets in the game. His retirement would be suspicious
already under normal circumstances, but we know Zhao has been working
on mind altering technology, and with the LS1 and LS2 prototypes in
hand, and the kidnapping and torture of Aiguo, that’s effective
confirmation that he has succeeded. Aiguo has been compromised by
Zhao’s new technology. We can’t allow this threat to gain any further
momentum. That’s where you come in”

“Where do I come in, exactly?”
“Zhao, Jing and Stanley will be accompanying Ruo to a Goro Network
media event in Bangkok, in two days’ time. I’ve cancelled your flight to
Stockholm and put you on a flight to Bangkok instead, tomorrow at
midday Spanish time.

“You what?? Fuck, I need a break from this. Bessley please.”

“Every day that passes is a day we don’t know if your father is still alive
Ash. You have to do this, there is no other way. You can’t do it on your
own.”

Ash sighed in resignation. “What do you want me to do?”

“You should be able to set up a meeting with Jing, and give her two very
important USB drives she must insert into LS-001 and LS-002, to trigger a
self-destruct mechanism built into their architecture.

“Shit, is that even safe?”

“Yes, the self-destruct isn’t explosive, it just melts the cores of both in an
overheating, destroying them completely. Jing has entrusted ESI with an
enormous amount of confidence in pulling this off, and in exchange for
helping us we are offering her full diplomatic immunity and asylum in
England.”

“When will I get the drives?”

“At the airport. The drives have been sent by Wilma, and expedited by ESI
to be delivered to you by hand when you land in Bangkok. A driver will be
waiting for you with them in his possession.”

“Understood.”

Bessley hung up. She thought she sensed a weird tone in his voice, like
some kind of exasperated resignation. What was that supposed to be?
Things are back on track. Ash couldn’t understand the dissatisfaction.

“Max, duty calls. I’m actually not going back to Stockholm. I’ve just had
my tickets rebooked to Bangkok tomorrow.”

“What the fuck, why?”

Max decided she didn’t care about secrecy anymore.

“European Intelligence, the ESI agency, wants me in Bangkok. Now that
they’ve found out Warga is innocent, evidence suggests Shuchang Zhao
as being the most likely kidnapper of my dad. He’s cooperating with Goro
CEO Feng Ruo on clearing out the field Chinese presidential election, and
will be in Bangkok on a Goro media event with his personal assistant Jing.
I’m delivering two self destruct drives to Jing so she can insert them into
the two AI bots Zhao’s soldiers stole from our house.”

The gravity of the situation, in fact the content itself, did not yet register
in Max’s mind, and would not register for a couple hours longer. He looked
at the dice in his hand, and zoned out momentarily.

“Max? are you ok?”

“Hm? Oh, yes yes, all good. Let’s play scraps again.”

Max’s nonchalance was puzzling. Ash assumed he was still processing the
information, so she moved on.

“You’ve been away from the station for some time, are they OK with you
being gone?”

“Honestly Ash I don’t know I just wanted to spend the time with you. I’ve
really missed you.”

“Aw Max. Come here” she rolled onto the double bed, and dimmed the
bright light on the bedside table, inviting Max to come lie down next to
her. As he did so, she pulled him suddenly over to the other side of the
bed with surprising strength.

“Slam dunk!” Ash giggled. She held onto Max from behind, she didn’t
mind being the big spoon. Max deflated into a state of complete
relaxation. He sighed heavily.

“What’s up Max? Talk to me”.

“ESI sent you to Japan too, didn’t they?”

“Yes”

“Did you… were you in danger?”

“Yes, but I had the right people around me to help and I was lucky.”

“You don’t-“

“I’m doing this to find my dad, Max. Nothing else matters to me. I’m not
going to miss this chance.”

“I was going to say you don’t need to worry, you’re Ash the little trooper,
you can do whatever you put your mind to.”

“Awww thanks Max” Ash squeezed him tighter.
Max’s heart was burning. It was almost unbearable. He had such profound
physical and emotional longing for Ash, and was too paralyzed by fear to
express it. She was cuddling up to him lovingly, and yet, he could not
shake the thought that if he tried to kiss her, she would pull away.

Worse still, he couldn’t figure out how to articulate to Ash his feelings. He
just sat with them begrudgingly, frustrated with himself.

Ash was leaving tomorrow to Bangkok, and there was no guarantee he
would ever see her again. He couldn’t live with such cowardice, the veil of
emotional inarticulation strangling him beyond what he could bear. He
gently pulled down Ash’s arms, and turned around to face her. The amber
light illuminating her eyes was gave them a mesmerizing radiance. He
wanted to hold his breath. Every breath he took, was one breath closer to
the inexorable ethereal of Ash, of her eyes, her perfect, blossom soft lips.
He closed his eyes, and leaned forward to kiss her, and in a fleeting panic
he thought he’d lost everything that mattered to him most. But then, a
moment later, Ash’s warm hand held his neck, and her rosy lips met his.
Max didn’t know in what dimension, but a fireball had erupted somewhere
in the glossed fibers of his mind, bringing light and heat to the
insufferable prison of his craven desires, pushing with aggressive, hot,
sexual energy back at him. He took Ash’s silky hair under his fingers, and
graciously pushed back.

“Ash…” Max whispered between hot and wet kisses. Ash was straddling
him, her hair brushing against his face and neck pleasantly. “I’m gonna
miss you. Please stay safe.”

“I will Max, don’t worry. I’ll be back soon”.

After a few minutes of kissing, Ash caressed Max’s face once more, and
gave him a kiss between his brows.

“Let’s sleep, big day tomorrow”. She huffed and let out a giggle.

“What was that?” Max asked, wondering what he missed.

“I’ve just been wondering for the longest time when you were going to
gather the courage to kiss me. It’s cute.”

Max flushed with embarrassment. “You mean you knew all this time?”

“C’mon Max. I’ve seen how you look at me. You’re not very good at hiding
your feelings haha. Don’t worry though! It’s honestly so sweet. I’m glad
we got there in the end.”

Ash took a deep breath and let it out, lying on her back, fully relaxed. Max
lay on his stomach, his favourite sleeping position, and felt himself falling
to sleep.
Some hours later, they both awoke, within a couple of minutes of one
another again.

“Ah shit” Ash looked at the clock. 9.30am. They had very little time before
she had to leave. “My flight is at midday, we need to leave very soon Max.
Has yours changed from 3pm?”

Max turned on his phone to quickly check. There was a notification his
flight had changed to 11pm.

“Fucks sake. Stockholm flight changed to 11pm. I’ll come with you now,
I’ll just find a café or lounge or something”

Ash was relieved. She didn’t want to be alone right now. She wanted Max
by her side, she was feeling fragile and didn’t know why. She gathered all
her things from the closet and packed them neatly into her suitcase,
before brushing her teeth and packing away her toiletries. Max had
packed the night before, and only had his toothbrush left.

As they went down to the lobby to check out, Max noticed there was
nobody there. It was a stark contrast to the day of check in, when the
hotel and lobby were absolutely packed to the brim. She left the room key
in the checkout box, and they stepped outside to the taxi rank fifty metres
up the road, where two were already waiting. Ash approached the first
taxi, a dishevelled, rusty yellow Mercedes, clearly well past its prime, but
with a fresh-faced enthusiasm in its front lights, recently repaired with
newer filaments that gave it an energetic red glow. Ash sat down into the
front seat, while Max took the back.

Buenos Dias! A donde quieres ir? The man asked nonchalantly.

El aeropuerto, por favor. Gracias, señor. Ash had made use of her Spanish
phrasebook very well. She kept it succinct, just the way she liked. And
evidently, so did the driver. He wasn’t wearing a nametag, but she saw his
driver registration on the dashboard, attached to the bottom front of the
window. The writing was too small to discern. She wasn’t bothered to look
closer. She would simply remember him as Jorge. Mr Jorge, the generic
middle-aged taxi driver from Catalonia. She remembered Watanabe. He
had so much more energy about him, and a beaming smile. Poor Jorge
looked like he just didn’t give a shit. And to be fair, he probably didn’t.
She didn’t imagine Spanish taxi drivers got paid very well.

After a brief drive Jorge dropped them off at Terminal 2, the international
terminal at Barcelona Airport. They shuffled through the boring, bland
shops and lines all over again, through security, and check in, before
landing eventually in the waiting lounges. Ash checked the big screen
listing the departing flights. Boarding had already started for her flight. So
early!?!
“I’m at gate 22, we are boarding already, shit”

“Ok, run run run Ash, come on.” Max pulled her along. She bumped into
an older lady, who fell over, and started yelling aggressively. Ash half
closed her eyes and kept moving, trying to ignore it. She looked back. A
small group of people had formed around the older lady, Ash prayed
nobody would pull them up on it.

They arrived at gate 22, and the last handful of people were getting their
tickets scanned. Max’s heart lurched, he didn’t want to separate from Ash.
She turned to face him and kissed him unexpectedly, her cold, wet lips
pressing into his. Max embraced her, squeezing tightly.

“Please don’t get yourself killed. Whatever this ESI bullshit is, just see it
through to the end. Find Arnie. Stay safe Ash.” She looked up at him,
hopefully. Her eyes dazzled him yet again. Max moved a hair from her
face behind her ear, and she closed her eyes, before a tear rolled down
her face.

“See you soon Max.” She turned to give the ticket to the air hostess, and
was scanned through. Ash didn’t look back at Max, but jogged down the
corridor.

“I love you, Ash!” he said out loud, awkwardly. She didn’t reply. Had she
not heard him? The air hostesses were looking at him now. He wasn’t
going to repeat it. The embarrassment was too much. He watched as Ash
handed the flight attendant her ticket, and the attendant pointed down
the plane, where Ash stepped out of sight. He felt disappointed. Strange
feelings were nagging at him. He had experienced one of the greatest joys
he had held onto in his life for over a decade, the joy of dreaming and
hoping for Ash’s touch, love and affection. And now that it was suddenly
gone again, the loneliness was palpable. It was going to be a long wait till
his 11pm flight back home, and Max genuinely felt like he was
experiencing rapid onset depression.

Ash’s flight was marred by the unfortunate discovery of an allergy to
carob gum, a thickening agent present in the carob oatmeal cookies the
flight attendants gave out as a dinner snack. She spent. She drank lots of
water, but ran up a noticeable fever on top of painful lymph node swelling.
The flight attendants took dutiful care of Ash with the first aid kid, and
regularly inspected her throughout the flight. Ash was in pain and
discomfort, but she tried to sleep it off as much as she could. After all,
pain was no longer present when you weren’t conscious. It would be
pretty absurd if pain followed you into your dreams. Ash was grateful for
the escape, despite constantly falling in and out of sleep throughout the
flight. When flight attendant woke her up to prepare for landing, she was
feeling significantly better, and glad that the flight was over. She was
exhausted from lack of thorough sleep, but with her bleary eyes,
wandering through Suvarnabhumi International Airport arrivals, she didn’t
even look around, she just went straight for luggage pickup, waited
impatiently for her bag, and rushed to the exit. Before the door opened, a
familiar voice called out to her.

“Ash! Over here!””

She looked around, semi-conscious. To her absolute shock, she saw
Watanabe’s smiling face running up to her.

“Oh my gosh, Watanabe!” She was instantly awakened.

“It’s been a while eh Ash?”

Ash jumped on him in a hug. She had a splitting headache from the
lingering allergic reaction, but that didn’t matter right now. The man who
saved her life in Japan, had been placed on her path once more.

“You have no idea how happy I am to see you Watanabe. My head hurts
like hell though, can we please just get in the car and go please?”

“Yes, no problem. Follow me, I’ve got you, easy there”

Watanabe pulled Ash’s arm over his shoulder, and they walked together
to the carpark. As soon as they opened the door to the outside from the
air-conditioned terminal, Ash was blasted with the full force of 35 degree
weather. She had only one article of summer clothing, a floral dress she
had been carrying in her suitcase for when the right occasion called. She
was sweating immediately.

“Don’t tell me your car is far please Watanabe”.

“No, it’s right through the cement bridge on the left next to the elevator.”

They stepped along the route, Watanabe pulling Ash in between
obnoxiously loud passers-by, chattering away with each other in Thai,
which Ash had zero phonemic concept of. The sounds they uttered in the
language felt so alien to her, compared to her native Sweden. By the
same token, she wondered how Swedish might sound to them, like some
alien, freaky, unnatural language.

They arrived at Watanabe’s car, a musky old Kia Sedan, probably at least
as old as Ash was. But inside was nice and covered with a plush material.
The air conditioner had kept the car cool previously, and it still felt so
much better than the outside air.

“Wow this heat is shit man”
“There’s been a change of plan Ash. For your safety, we cannot allow you
to stay at a public hotel for the exchange today. You will be staying with
me at a safehouse, and I will be driving you to the Goro event held at Goro
HQ, here in Bangkok.”

“Ah right, where’s the safehouse?”

“We will be at a guarded apartment block of 4 apartments in Sathorn”

That sounded good to Ash. Nice to spend time with Watanabe again. He
hadn’t aged a day, and still had the same rosy brightness about him,
those sweet puppy dog eyes and innocent smile.

They drove in peace for the rest of the half an hour journey to the suburb
of Sathorn, passing the essentials of Thailand along the way. The city
seemed veiled in a tungsten filter. All colours in the region seemed to be
dilapidated and depleted, assimilated into the concrete jungle. Along main
busy streets, Ash saw lines of people shuffling across food stalls, as well
as stalls for clothing, electronics, assorted accessories and hand made
goods. In the distant skyline she could make out several unfinished
buildings still being built and covered up from the rain. She saw no less
than 10 dogs in the space of a few minutes, roaming the streets
seemingly without their owners. It gave Ash an acute sense of discomfort.
She wasn’t sure whether or not to feel guilty for coming from her
privileged Sweden, or whether she should feel sad for the people here,
clustered together in concrete like meaningless ants, hustling through the
scintillating maze of flesh each day, just trying to survive for one more
night. She appreciated the first world now more than ever.

Pulling up to Sathorn, they faced a townhouse styled apartment block that
was four stories high, with an apartment on each floor presumably. There
were four armed men on either side of the building, but Ash didn’t know it
yet, because they were sitting behind a fence.

Watanabe opened his door, and she heard their voices. As she stepped
out too, the four soldiers came out from either side of the building calmly,
without drawing their guns.



ฉันไม่แน่ ใจว่าคุณรู้หรือไม่ งานแต่งงานถูก
ยกเลิก?       (Do you know, the wedding is cancelled?)
บอกภรรยาหลักว่าเธอมีเกมที่ชนะ                           (Tell the wife, that

she has a won hand)


Watanabe replied to the man in Thai. It seemed like another code phrase.
Ash had no idea Watanabe could speak Thai as well.

And, just like last time, the soldier responded in English.

“Welcome to the Sathorn Safehouse”. Watanabe shook hands with the
man, a swarthy gentleman with a bald head and beady little terrier eyes.
He gestured for Ash to come up with her bag. They went inside, and were
unexpectedly met by two other people, slightly older than Ash it looked
like. A fair skinned man and woman, both with lithe, spindly bodies. Both
were also adorned with the same kind of draping, dull metallic chains and
jewellery, and they had the same piercing through the nose, through the
right nostril.

“Pleasure to meet ye, I’m Rory, that’s my sister Fiona.” The man said, with
an outstretched hand in greeting. Ash felt the grating of the harsh Scottish
accent in her spine.

“Ash” She replied, still trying to decipher the strange, angular faces she
saw before her.
“Watanabe”. Watanabe shook both their hands. They looked to be twins,
with the same wide-eyed look, blue for Rory and grey for Fiona. Their
noses were identical, angular and refined. It was interesting seeing
genetic recombination at work.

“We’ll take the third floor if that’s ok with you” Watanabe said, more in a
declarative manner than a suggestive one.

“Aye, we’ll stay down ‘ere” the brother answered.

“Good luck”

Watanabe motioned Ash to follow him up again. No questions? They
looked nice, some friendly faces. Maybe she could talk to Fiona and Rory
later. As she took the first step up, Fiona uttered something she couldn’t
hear.

“Sorry?” Ash turned around.

“We’ll be with you for the Goro event. Rory and I are your protection”
Fiona said brusquely, facing the window. “Let’s hope you don’t get
yourself killed, lass.”
“Ehhh thanks” Ash sighed, not feeling encouraged by Fiona’s apparent
indifference. She went back upstairs. Watanabe was already in his room in
the corner lying on the bed. The apartment was simple, navy blue
upholstery, basic design, a table, three little wooden storage cabinets with
glass doors, a beaten up leather couch, and a freestanding TV. A little bit
of a downgrade from the Japanese safehouse, but she’d hardly been
staying in the same bed every night as of late, so she was used to just
getting on with things.

“What’s the plan for tomorrow?”

“I drive you to the Goro HQ in the CBD, Fiona and Rory will tail along at
their own pace”

He dug around in his satchel and pulled out a hard cardboard slip. “Here’s
your entry ticket. Don’t ask the price, Bessley would kill me if I told you”
He laughed. “And don’t forget, the whole reason why we are here”. He
handed her two, blood red, metallic USB sticks, cut like little slabs of gold
bullion. She felt like she was carrying a weapon, it was intimidating and,
perhaps even a little bit uncomfortable. She slipped them into her jacket
zip pocket, and went to undress. She fumbled through the cabinets trying
to find the remote to the air conditioner, but couldn’t see it. Sweat was
dripping from her brow. “Fuuuck can we turn on the AC please?”


“You just press the button on the side, it’s only got one setting, 20
degrees, half fan force.” Watanabe said, pressing the button on her
behalf. Ash quickly went and stood under the crisp cool air. “Oh god this is
good.”

She looked to Watanabe. “Hey, so, what have you been up to really, since
I last saw you?”

“Ah, you know, I’m based in Japan, just had some low importance
administrative stuff I was helping friends out with. Then I got the call Indie
Mind has new intel, and the next exchange was happening with an insider
asset in Thailand, so I put my hand up to come join you here.”

“Nice! It’s really good to see you again Watanabe. I think about that song
you sang for me in the car in Tokyo. It was beautiful, I couldn’t sing like
that to save my life haha. You know what I regret? I used to take piano
lessons. Well, mom forced me to take them. I should have stuck with it,
maybe I’d be a pretty good pianist right now. But I lost all that touch, just
never had the time to sit down and focus on it I guess. It was going to
disappear regardless.”

“We should start a duet band or something” Watanabe joked.
“Yea maybe if I caught up the last ten years of missed lessons, we could
make something out of it.” She smiled. Ash realised she was quite hungry.

“Is the fridge stocked by the way?”

“There’s oats, milk and peanut butter, but nothing else sorry”

“I could do with some oats actually.” She went into her room to unpack,
then came out wearing her long pyjamas. She got herself a bowl and
spoon from the kitchen, and poured herself a bowl of full cream milk and
dried oats. The oats were quite bland, but at least the milk was refreshing.
Watanabe stayed in his room, and Ash remained in the kitchen, thinking
about tomorrow. All she needed to do was find Jing and give her the
drives. The rest would take care of itself. Why hadn’t they yet figured out
where Arnie was? The whole European Intelligence Agency is running full
steam ahead for Project Indie Mind, and they haven’t been able to pin
Zhao with anything, or the location of Arnie. She couldn’t believe she had
to do it herself, she was the one who found Wilma, and now she was the
one who was going to have to find Arnie. She had zero clues, all she knew
was that signs pointed towards Zhao, but there were no guarantees he
even had anything to do with it. Frustrated, she washed her bowl up and
set it to dry, before heading to sleep in her room. She connected to the
Wifi in the block. Password required. Shit. She dragged herself downstairs
to the router to check the password on the back, hit in the password into
her phone and went to sleep.




Chapter 13

The following morning, she was awoken by Watanabe pushing down her
shins comically, at the foot of the bed.

“Come on Ash, get, that, lazy, ass, moving” he pushed with every word.

He was already fully dressed in a semi formal attire, dark green blazer and
chinos, with a crisp white dress shirt and tie. The only thing she had was
her floral dress. Perhaps she could buy something in the city later today.

“Fiiiine give me a minute, man. We’ve still got time”
“Actually, no we don’t, it starts at 8.30, its now 7.50, it takes twenty
minutes to get there.”

Ash sprung up immediately.

“Shit, sorry, point taken point taken” She grabbed the floral dress from
her suitcase and rushed into the bathroom to change. She dumped her
pyjamas on the bathroom floor and quickly ran over her teeth with her
electric toothbrush, spat out the toothpaste, and grabbed her jacket with
the two drives in them. It was going to be a hot day. She took the USB
drives out from the jacket and slipped them into the fold of her dress,
which had a secret zip pocket as well. In addition, she made sure to take
one of the malware USBs, just in case she found herself needing to resort
to a last-ditch digital breaking and entering to get what she needed.

She had no intention of ever buying clothes that didn’t at least in some
capacity hold storage utility via pockets or zips. She resented the
women’s fashion industry for making it so difficult to find pocketed
clothing items. But with enough determination, finding anything is
possible. She likewise slipped in her folding phone from Japan with the
numbers of Watanabe and Bessley. She had found out that there in fact
was no need for buying Japanese or Thai sim cards with it, it was a
specially designed satellite phone that worked anywhere on the globe, but
it was only coded to contact Watanabe and Bessley and it could not
contact or be contacted by any other phones.

As they stepped through the bottom floor, Rory and Fiona were already
gone it seemed. She hadn’t heard from Bessley either. Last time he gave
a warning about contacting Waker at the Tokyo conference. This time….
There seemed to be no such issue with Rory and Fiona? She wasn’t sure
about why that was the case.

They drive to the venue was warm and succinct, coloured by all the
vicissitudes of the chaotic turbulence that was Bangkok traffic and
scenery of swarming humans, cars, and animals. Arriving at Goro HQ, Ash
was stunned to see it was a comparatively small block of land, containing
three dark buildings, encircled by large metallic fencing. Compared to the
near miniature city that was Warga Automotive headquarters in
Barcelona, Goro’s trite architectural design was uninspiring and bland.
Surely there would be so much more here. But at least, the three
buildings were connected via a rooftop, dome like structure and support,
making it look almost like a tripartite astronomy tower.

Watanabe interrupted her train of thought

“Goro prides itself on its working from home focus. That’s why it’s such a
moderately sized headquarters, compared to full on campuses of other
larger corporations.”
There wasn’t even parking. They had to drive into the parking building
across the road from the Goro block, next to a small park, with no less
than 10 floors of parking space. All the floors were filled right up until the
9th floor where Watanabe finally found a spot. They descended the parking
building and moved across the road to the Goro block. There was nobody
at the front gate like in Barcelona, they walked straight in. But here was
where it got tricky. There were glass reinforced gates with card scanners
which employees had to scan to get through, but they were currently
opened for the event, where hundreds of people were already lined up in
the entrance hall being ferried through the gates and on towards the top
floor, where the event would be held. She knew this because she heard a
lady saying it on the intercom, and repeating welcome messages in a
warm, pleasant voice.

Welcome all, to Goro Headquarters in Bangkok, Thailand. Please note,
Todays special event has been organized by our founder Feng Ruo, and
will be held on the top floor of this building. We request you have your
ticket ready at the gate as you are let through, and take the elevators up
to the location. Thankyou, and we hope you enjoy the proceedings

“Ahhh, you have the tickets?” Ash asked Watanabe. She was feeling
flustered and nervous already. He held them up with a smile.

“Relax, we’re okay. You’ve got me, and Rory and Fiona have your back
too.”

She took a deep breath, and visualized Arby, bringing herself into a state
of calm. Soft, sweet and innocent Arby. She missed him dearly.

After about ten minutes of waiting, they finally got through to the gates
and the staff members checking people’s tickets. The tickets were being
stamped with the trademarked maroon G, the logo of the Goro network.
Ash and Watanabe were given a little welcome bag with some leaflets and
pamphlets presumably detailing the latest programs, product details and
launches of the various web services Goro and Feng Ruo were involved in.
They ferried into a line of 8 elevators down the lobby, before being sent
up ten floors to the rooftop area, which was essentially a giant glass
dome. But, to Ash’s absolute delight, the dome wasn’t regular glass, it
was its own projecting screen too, and was playing promotional clips from
Goro’s latest developer updates, highlighting new features in the
upcoming refinements to the Goro user interface.

She briefly imagined what it would have been like hacking into the system
and broadcasting hardcore pornography on that gigantic ceiling dome for
the hundreds of guests to see, and cackled to herself.

The audio was crystalline, it felt like the sound was coming from the air
itself, the jaunty music imbibing a positive mood in everyone at the
venue. Ash was feeling good. The Dome then suddenly darkened to pitch
black, and the coloured lights on the walls came into full effect, giving a
disco like atmosphere to the huge open space. Fireworks and beautiful
coloured imagery played above her, and the music transitioned from a
bouncy tune, to a mellow jazz. The dome went semi translucent again,
showing the morning sky and sun in its background. Such an audio-visual
kaleidoscope.

The rear of the (admittedly quite large) rooftop dome area over the three
buildings, was effectively a dining area, with lines of tables and chairs and
finger food dotted along the back area where Ash was currently standing.
But as you moved a bit further forward, you hit an open space comprising
four large, metallic, columnar structures. They appeared to be closed by
four sealed doors. They had something inside, Ash presumed it would be
revealed at some point.

They weren’t just a social media company anymore; they were venturing
into technological innovation too. And further beyond the big metal
columns, was a roman-styled amphitheatre with two big screens on each
side of a standing lectern, and four isles of steps leading into its slight
depression in the ground. It wasn’t quite a full circle, but effectively
enveloped the central stage with two additional large screens set up
behind it, for a conference style presentation.

As Ash was taking in the scenery, a voice came through on the intercom.
It was a different female voice, to the one from the ground floor.

Ladies and Gentlemen, the welcome presentation will begin at 9am sharp.
Please enjoy the food and music in the meantime. The four columns you
see will be revealed soon. Mr Feng Ruo will be arriving shortly.

Ash wondered if she’d be able to find Jing anywhere in the thick of things.
The eight elevators were popping open and closed packed full to the brim
with people, along the open corridor area. It was quite a spectacle, it
almost looked like fish being funnelled into a barrel. Ash chuckled at the
thought.

So far, judging by the crowd, she could see nothing particularly
noteworthy. The crowd were mostly Thai Goro enthusiasts, as was to be
expected. But she did notice pockets of western looking faces throughout
the crowd.

You’d expect Rory and Fiona’s red hair to stand out in the sea of black,
but Ash couldn’t see them anywhere either.

Then she realised.

She tugged at Watanabe’s shirt.
“Hang on a minute, how the fuck am I supposed to know what Jing looks
like?”

“Zhao is a very muscular, ragged looking man. You’ll see him on stage
sooner or later with Ruo. Jing is the woman who is going to be next to him.
She never leaves his side.”

“How do you know that? Maybe he got himself a new assistant for the
day” Ash replied perfunctorily.

“Good point. We don’t know for sure. Bessley’s intel suggests Jing will be
the woman following Zhao, but I will confirm, just to be sure, when they
arrive. I’ll find you and let you know”.

Ash muttered something in disapproval. She was annoyed with the lack of
clarity. Ash ventured down the amphitheatre steps to look closer to the
stage, the screens, and the lights dotted around the place. She was
approached by a young man who introduced himself as Teho, and thrust
Ash into an uncomfortable gauntlet of niceties and small talk, without
giving her a chance to get away. Ah well, she had some time to kill, she
might as well get to know some people.

Teho was a twenty-something architectural intern at a local company.
Chubby and freckled, his delicate, juvenile appearance and tuft of fluffy
black hair was ironically contrasted to his deep, sonorous voice and
serious tone. He sounded like the kind of man who grew up with nothing
but study, routine and achievement, and never had time to have a
childhood. As the conversation continued, Ash found herself wondering if
Teho had ever had sex. Or been drunk. Or done drugs. Or anything fun at
all. He was drab beyond belief. And his attemps at flirting were not subtle
at all. She couldn’t help but laugh.

Teho smiled. “What’s so funny?” He asked.

“Ahhh you are a funny guy Teho” She tried to ramp up her energy, get
them out of the conversational narcolepsy they were in.

“So! Teho, tell me, what’s got you most excited about the Goro event
today? What’s on the menu? Any ideas what is gonna be revealed?” she
asked him. That felt like an odd question, almost like she was interviewing
him.

“You haven’t heard? Leaks leading up to the event suggested Feng Ruo is
announcing the Goro smart watch. It’s not going to be like any other
smart watch on the market. I don’t claim to know how it works, but
apparently it is capable of measuring blood biochemistry and body
fundametnals like fat, muscle, water weight and stuff, with pinpoint
accuracy. Some new age tech they’ve got brewing behind the walls, very
exciting” Teho said.
Very exciting? His enthusiasm was as visible as a lizard’s piss in the
sahara desert. At least the watch sounded cool.

“It was lovely to meet you Teho! Maybe I’ll chat to you again soon!” Ash
smiled, seizing the opportunity to get away. Teho seemed indifferent, and
was fixated on the crowd of people filling up the room.

She went back to the food, and scanned the room again, still no sign of
Zhao, Jing, Rory, or Fiona. Hmm. Now she lost Watanabe too.

A few minutes later Ash noticed the doors stopped opening and closing. It
looked like everyone was already here. A moment later a lady appeared
on the stage, and spoke to the room via a booming lapel mic over the top
of the music. Everybody jolted. A sound person somewhere in the
background immediately adjusted the volume down to a reasonable level.

“Thankyou for that fix. Everyone, please be seated in the amphitheatre,
the presentation is about to begin.”

This felt just like the conference in Tokyo. Ash quickly jumped for the aisle
seat closest to her and sat down, firmly planting herself on the chair with
her body language so nobody tried to sit anywhere near her.

The glass ceiling dome went dark, as did the rest of the room. Dramatic
music began to play somewhere, and a colourful light show began
streaming across the dome, and extended into the stage. Feng Ruo in the
flesh appeared, waving energetically to the crowd, followed by enormous
applause. The music danced and dallied, reverberating pleasantly
throughout the amphitheatre (There must have been some bass
enhancing speakers in the floor, Ash was certain), before rising to an
emphatic crescendo, and eventually a gentle fade.

“Welcome!” Feng began.

“Please enjoy today. I have set it up as a small demonstration of our 2029
Goro tech range, and as a fun party for all to enjoy. Media is welcome to
cover anything they wish, live, there are no non-disclosure agreements
you need to sign. For now, I don’t wish to bore you, I will be speaking
several times this morning anyway. I just wanted to let you know this next
piece has been in development for eight years, and we have finally
managed to turn one of my Goro dreams into a tangible reality. We hope
you enjoy the next clip”

He stepped off stage. Ash noticed a burly man speaking to him. Zhao was
here. It wasn’t apparent if any of the three women around Zhao were his
assistant, until they all dispersed, and it was just Ruo and Zhao walking
down the left side of the room. So, no Jing then.
The screens lit up, and sure enough, the watch that Teho was speaking
about, came on the screen, drenched in over-zealous editing and effects,
as the public came to expect from the glamorous Goro network. The
promotional clip detailed the structure of the watch, showing a “dermic
patch” at the underside of the watch face, which apparently used tiny,
virtually painless needles to seamlessly integrate with the skin and collect
seamless biological data from surface level blood sources close enough to
be digitally analysed with the onboard computer. The latest and greatest
wearable smart watch technology on the market, it called itself, marketed
as the Goro Sling. It was a fancy name, for an even fancier product. Ash
was impressed. Full biometric live tracking and data analysis, plus the
capacity to computationally evaluate hormone levels to predict the next
bowel movement, urination likelihood, and approximate hunger and thirst,
as well as several other computational possibilities listed in a small font on
the screen Ash couldn’t discern. This was insanely cool, like science
fiction. All onboard a single watch. The advert drew to a conclusion
showing prices in a variety of different currencies, and a slated March 4
release. One thousand five hundred Euros for the flagship model. With all
that it could do, Ash wasn’t surprised at the cost.

The screens faded, and the lights came back on, as Feng re-entered the
stage to more applause. He mentioned they will be revealing several more
products during the course of the morning in the enclosed free-standing
stalls (To be opened electronically when the time was right) before
finishing around lunch time, with a thirty-minute recess in between. But,
people were free to roam and mingle, the dome would be showing
everything the screens were too, at all times. So, she had about 4 hours.
Only a slightly slimmer margin than the six full days of Tokyo, right?

People got up and started moving around and mingling again. She saw
Zhao talking to some men on the left side steps of the stage. Still no sign
of a nearby woman who could be Jing. Give it time, she thought. Just
needed to not lose track of Zhao, eventually Jing would surely show. Ash
put her hand in her dress pocket and anxiously grasped the two little
drives.

“Please, Jing, tell me you’re here…” Ash whispered to herself. She couldn’t
change anything at this instant. She sighed heavily and walked around,
looking for someone interesting to meet.

She introduced herself to a tall American woman (Or so she thought by
the accent, could also have been Canadian), who said her name was
Kristina with a K. She looked middle aged, with papery wrinkles dappling
her weathered face. She was at least six feet and three inches, and Ash
felt odd looking upwards at such an angle to talk to a woman. Her bright
russet curls bobbed at the shoulders as she spoke, and her long, angular
nose hung firmly over her teeth, like a construction crane over a building
site.
“So, Kristina with a K, what brings you to this Goro event in Bangkok?”
Ash asked.

“So, I’m a journalist from New York, I’m here to cover Feng Ruo, the Goro
event, but I’m also really interested in finding out about his political
campaign running for President of China, and ask him some questions
about his plans”.

“Oh, that’s really cool!”

The gears were turning in Ash’s mind rapidly. Was she going to be
interviewing Ruo? Could she somehow befriend this journalist and see if
she can gain something out of it?

“I’ve always had a huge respect and admiration for journalists. You guys
put yourself right in the firing line of public scrutiny, some people hate
you, and some journalists even get death threats. It takes a lot of bravery”
Ash genuinely felt this way.

“Why thankyou darling! It’s a rough world out there, especially for girls
like us. I’m just thankful I don’t need to be out there in the Middle East
potentially getting my head blown off by a bomb haha!” Kristina cackled
out loud, spilling a small amount of cocktail she was holding on the floor.

“Oh, someone will clean that up I’m sure”

Ash studied her, pondering what lay beneath the surface of bubbly
extroversion.

“Have you seen people die?” Ash asked, maintaining her gaze. Kristina
didn’t falter.

“Good guess. Few years back, at the South African civil war”

The wrinkles made some sense now.

“So you used to be a war correspondent?”

“I was, yea. My husband is a soldier himself. Was, a soldier, I mean. He
died in South Africa, protecting my media truck trying to film and cover
what was happening”

“Jesus, I’m so sorry to hear that”

“Watching your partner die really destroys a part of your soul. I couldn’t
do war anymore after that. So, they put me in technology instead. And the
occasional dabble in political reporting too.”

Ash wanted to give Kristina a hug. But she held back.
“God gives the greatest battles to his strongest soldiers” Ash said.

“What’s that?”

“A quote I read somewhere. I guess it fits here.”

“Thank you, Ash. I appreciate it.” Kristina sniffled and wiped her eyes of
the tears that were building up.

“Would you mind if I hugged you, Ash?”

Well, that was certainly not what she’d expected.

“Oh, yes, sure” Ash smiled. She reached up and gave Kristina a firm,
warm hug. Kristina was quite emotional, but coming to composure.

“I have a private interview with Feng shortly after the 11am recess”

Ash had to seize the opportunity.

“Could I come watch? Sounds interesting.”

Kristina thought about it for a moment, before nodding in agreement.

“Sure, I don’t see why not. We’ll pretend you’re an intern or something”
Kristina smiled, visibly in better spirits. “I actually have been feeling so
down recently. It’s nice to tell someone”.

“I know the feeling. Happy to help. Although if you need an intern for war
correspondence count me out” Ash said, giving Kristina a good laugh.

The music in the dome changed, and the lights went out again in a flash.
Some fancy edit was playing on the dome and front screens, for the
revamped Goro Web Services and all its new products and features. A
narrator was breaking down all of the key changes since the previous
iteration.

“Come find me around 11:25, and we’ll go to the interview with Feng.”

“All good, thanks Kristina. It was so lovely to meet you. Maybe we could
exchange emails?”

“Yes! I forgot to ask. That would be great.” She got her phone out to write.
“What’s your email?”

Ash gave her one of her anonymous emails, and bade her farewell, as she
went to walk around further.
About ten minutes later, when the web services advert had finished, the
door slits of one of the metal columns illuminated brightly. There was a
hissing sound, and smoke started seeping through the slits, while the four
doors on each side slowly lifted upwards mechanically, unlocking the inner
sanctum of the structure, and the treasure which lay inside. The light
inside was, for the moment, too bright to see anything. But, ten seconds
later, the smoke faded, and on its own little propped up stand, stood an
iridescent metallic phone. The narrator voice came back on.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, we are pleased to present, the 2029 model of the
Goro Smartphone, to be used in conjunction with the Goro Sling”

The narrator announced emphatically. The specs, design and structure of
the phone were broken down visually, just like the watch, in a promotional
clip playing across every screen.

This was a really weird way to announce your new flagship phone. Hidden
in a column like an egg. But! Credit where it’s due, it was an
unprecedentedly unique way of revealing your latest developments.

In what should have been a moment of delightful surprise and elation, was
a moment of dark confusion and discomfort, was the person she saw enter
the dome from the leftmost elevator at the back of the room. It was Anil.
Ash felt panicked, and she didn’t even know why. He met Ash’s eyes, and
waved with two fingers, before ducking and weaving through the
scintillating light show the room was being bathed in, heading towards
her. Why was Ali here? Was he just being sent wherever she went too? It
would probably make sense. He was the one who discovered Jing after all,
and the connection to Zhao.
“Ash! Good to see you” Anil hugged her quickly before jumping into his
message.

“Bessley sent me to help find Jing”

“Anil, do you even know what she looks like?”

“I have absolutely no idea. Her name isn’t even Jing. We talk via
encrypted communications using a 12-word key phrase, which we coded
as plain English in case we ever need to find one another in the real
world.”

“Anil, how do you know she was even telling you the truth? That could be
absolutely anyone”

Anil didn’t react.

“She sent hidden camera pictures of Zhao himself, when in a room with
him. I know she’s the real deal”
“So how are we going to find someone whose name we don’t know and
who we have no idea what they look like?”

“The code phrase is ‘He who quicketh jumps, smells the morning rain
anew’, and the response phrase is ‘the morning rain breaks the sunshine,
thus, ‘tis true’.”

“Anil?? We don’t have time to ask hundreds of people in a loud room this
question! How else did you think this was going to work?”

“She said she would be with Zhao frequently throughout the morning.”
Anil replied.

“Ok so, simple, we track every woman Zhao interacts with and any
woman he speaks to more than once, we tell them the phrase until we
find Jing. No?” Ash said.

“What if he meets women in another room, Ash?”

“Fuck me, Anil. Do you have a better idea?”

“Not quite”

“Then go watch some of the shit on display, enjoy the food and keep a
lookout for Zhao and the women he is speaking to.”

“Wait, Ash, you need to take this” He took her hand and retrieved
something wrapped up from his pocket in silk fabric, before placing it in
her palm and closing it. Ash felt the outline of a gun, and her spine went
cold.

“What the fuck Anil! Why are you giving me a goddamn gun??” She
angrily whispered through her teeth into Anil’s ear.

“Bessley told me to give it to you.”

“We could have met up afterwards oh my god, I literally can’t carry this
right now I’m in a…”

She remembered the hidden pocket in her dress with the drives.

“I’m in a dress Ali. Why are you giving this to me now?”

“Just in case. I don’t know, it just feels important to give this to you now.”

Why did that sounds so creepily foreboding, Ash wondered. Still, she knew
her way around a gun, and had been hunting many times with Max and
her parents when she was younger. Thank God security had no metal
detectors or pat downs. She tentatively slid the small gun into the hidden
dress pocket with the drives.

“Anil, I appreciate you being here, but you need to focus, go look for Zhao.
I can’t see him at the moment.”

Anil retreated to the dining area, while Ash ventured through the middle
section and the amphitheatre. There was no sign of Zhao. She looked at
her watch, 10:50am. Nearly two hours have gone by and they haven’t
even gotten started properly looking for Jing, and she promised Kristina
she was going to join her for the interview at 11:25am. She felt so rushed,
she was running out of time rapidly.

There was another hiss, and a spotlight shone on another one of the
central metal columns, with smoke and light oozing out of the door slits as
they similarly slowly moved upwards, revealing the core, in a similar
fashion to gull-wing doors on supercars. As the smoke and light cleared, a
rotating hologram was illuminated inside it. It was depicting a screen
playing some movie clip. Then, a white background and a number
countdown appeared in the hologram, from 10. Ash looked on in curiosity.
As the countdown went down each number, the lights of the whole dome
got progressively darker, and the ceiling glass darkened too. It hit 3, and
the room was nearly dark. 2, not much else was visible bar the light of the
hologram. 1. Pitch black.




Chapter 14

When the timer hit 1, rap music started blasting in the air, and all the
screens in the dome played the beginning of what appeared to be a movie
trailer. Dramatic, bassy BWAAAAH’s and DUNANANAA’s were riddled
through it. Ash didn’t even bother paying attention. It was some
cyberpunk action movie. At the end, the note flashed across the screen.

IN COOPERATION WITH THE GORO NETWORK

And there it was. Feng Ruo was dipping his toes into every pie he could
find. It was a spectacle to witness. More applause, and Feng Ruo appeared
on stage again, at the lectern, to talk about the movie he was helping
make. Zhao was behind him in the back, along with two men Ash didn’t
recognise. Still no woman who could potentially be Jing. Was Anil sure Jing
definitely a woman? Ash zoned out, fixated on Zhao standing there, with
his boulder-like shoulders squarely popping at his shirt seams. She
wondered if he was on steroids. He looked lean though, and not corpulent
like some of the bodybuilders she had seen in the past. He definitely
looked like he knew how to move. Ash guessed he could take down a man
twice his size in one firm punch.

Still. No. Bloody. Jing.

She went around the room, checking each aisle and section walled off by
the hundreds of bodies with barely any pockets of air in between them. If
Jing didn’t appear with Zhao soon, Ash firmly believed it was not going to
be possible to find her. She had to go meet with Kristina soon. Then she
had an idea.

If she could hack into the computer network of the building, she could
access the security cameras, as well as the feed of the security gate they
stepped through, before entering the elevators. The tickets had names on
them (Bessley had stuck with Ash’s Tokyo name of Marianne Collins), and
they went through the security gates in single file, as they scanned their
tickets.

The security gate feeds would have a timestamp. She could search for
when SHUCHANG ZHAO was scanned and let through the gate, and at
what time. Then she’d look at the adjacent 3 or so names, maybe 4, to
find any females, and cross reference that timestamp with security
camera footage to see the faces of those women, one of whom would
inevitably be Jing. This would make the job infinitely easier. But first, she
needed to find a computer.

As it stood, the only computer consoles she could see were those
embedded in the product columns that housed the display items on show
in the centre of the room. That was flat out impossible, everyone in the
room could see her instantly. The amphitheatre maybe? Though, she
couldn’t see anything, on the stage or anywhere near it, the system must
be housed somewhere in the walls and inaccessible from the front. The
bathrooms were obvious and signed, on the far-right aisle down the steps.
Ahh. This was not good.
Potentially en route to Kristina’s interview she could find something. She
mentioned a private interview, that surely meant it would be held in a
private room. This was an office building. There were computer terminals
all over the place, just not in the goddamn dome at the top. The perfect
timing of this inconvenience made her seethe.

The meeting with Kristina was just a few minutes away. Ash scanned the
whole room to try to find her, and located her chatting with some people
on one of the food tables, eating the Szechuan chicken slider burger that
was on offer.

Ash approached and tapped Kristina on the shoulder.

“Hi! You wanted to meet up at 11:25 right? Before your meeting?”
“Oh yea! Sure thing hun, lemme just finish this burger real quick”

Kristina with a K took three more big bites, and washed it down with a cup
of soda. She stood up to pat herself off and pulled a digital pad from her
handbag, checking something.

“Ok so it looks like we’re in Feng’s office just below us, let’s head there
now. My camera man will meet us there”

Ash followed Kristina as she led them through the crowd to the elevators.
They stepped inside, without any questioning from the two guards
watching the floor. The doors opened up to a clean, simple office corridor,
curving around a beautiful green garden bathed in artificial lights
resembling the sun. There were three employees chatting together in the
corridor.

“Hi, just looking for Feng’s office, is it much further?” Kristina interrupted
them. The younger lady seemed upset at the intrusion.

“Just go to the end” she said nonchalantly. Kristina obliged, with Ash not
far behind. Sure enough, on the last door, the translucent screen read,
“Feng Ruo, CEO”. Kristina stepped through.

Feng was standing at the window chatting to someone.

“Ben! How the hell did you get here before me! Haha!” Kristina guffawed.

“The camera man I take it?” Ash said to Kristina.

“Who is this lovely young lady?” Ben inquired, eyeing Ash up and down
curiously.

“She’s a young fan I met upstairs, wanted to watch me interview, thought
I’d bring her along. Is that OK with you Feng?”

“No problem at all. How’s the setup?”

The office was lined with steel bookcases along three of the four walls,
and the fourth wall was adorned with paintings of nature. Each bookcase
was packed with dull looking, ancient and dusty books with faded colours.
By the looks of them, they were probably rare antiques or something of
the sort. Feng’s chair and desk, and the guest chairs at the window, were
adorned with ornate, plush fabric, illustrated with mythological draconic
designs, similar to the cherry red carpet, bleeding gold leaves from its fur
into the surrounding sea of red. The old style look contrasted to his
packed desk of futuristic electronics and his enormous ultra wide
computer monitor perched squarely inside a cantilevered platform off the
edge of the desk.
“Great! Let’s have a seat. Ben, please set up a camera on Feng’s side,
and on my side. Then one on us both. We should be done in thirty
minutes. Hit record when you’re ready. Please put this on.” Kristina
handed Feng a small, fuzzy lapel microphone to attach to his shirt,
between the buttons. He fixed it quickly, and Ben indicated the cameras
were ready. Ash was aware of the fluffy texture of the carpet. Kristina
launched into it immediately.

“Welcoming you to this Interview, I’m Kristina Gainsley, joined here by
CEO of the Goro Network, Feng Ruo, discussing his newest ventures into
commercial electronics, and an insight into his reasoning and philosophy
in running for the presidency in his home country of China”

She was quick, Ash thought. Precise and perfectly crafted in her language.
She had experience, that was certain.

“Feng Ruo, what was the design philosophy behind the Goro Sling? What
inspired you to make a smart watch better than anything else on the
market right now?”

The door unlocked, and Zhao stepped through. Ash’s heart rate
quickened. He was with a very young woman, no older than eighteen, with
shoulder length, dead straight black hair, and soft, innocent eyes. Was
this Jing?”

Feng continued the conversation.

“The philosophy and inspiration behind the sling really came to me a few
years ago, at the time Goro had already surpassed 5 billion users on the
network. I knew that we were accumulating exposure unlike anything we
could have ever could have conjured in our wildest imaginations, and that
made me think, the Goro network exists to facilitate, engage, and inspire
us in our social worlds, but I wanted something more than that. I wanted
to help people.”

Ash was beginning to sweat despite the air conditioning in the room. She
was sitting less than a metre from Zhao, and the woman who very well
could be Jing, the entire reason the European Intelligence Agency sent her
and so many others to this event, in the inner world of Asia, so far away
from home.

“I wanted to help people with their health, motivations and discipline to
lead better lives. Give them a technological toolbox capable of delivering
the computational, analytical and biometric data people from all walks of
life create and work with on a daily basis. After a lot of demographic
research, we found the most effective and accessible way to do that, was
to create the most advanced smart watch on the market, capable of
providing all of these incredibly advanced tools, as well as a suite of other
capabilities in sports, adventuring and travelling throughout the
sophisticated modern world.”

There was no way for Ash to ask the young girl the code phrase.
Especially with Zhao sitting right next to her, in the corner of the office,
watching along. She was closer to the door. Ash was going to have to
gamble.

She got up from behind the middle camera facing the window, and went
to the door to leave. Ben, Zhao or the young girl didn’t stop her. So far so
good. She went for the door, and as she opened it, she half mumbled loud
enough so that the girl, but not Zhao, could hear.

“He who quicketh jumps”

There was no time to say the second half of the sentence without arousing
suspicion. She’d find a bathroom, and come back to say the second half.
Hopefully Jing caught on what she was saying. She didn’t stop to look. She
stepped into the corridor again, in view of the gorgeous lush garden
ensconced in glass. On the other side of the garden was a TOILETS sign,
Ash walked towards it.

A handful of employees were walking around on the floor. Ash noticed
most of them seemed quite young, almost all of them looked to be in their
twenties, some even still teenagers. She was probably older than the vast
majority of them, and she was only 24.

Arriving into the toilets, she was fascinated by the futuristic design. The
walls were sculpted granite, shaped to look like the intricate rivulets of air
running through a husky cloud in the sky. The floor and ceiling were a
lustrous, steely grey lined with small LED lights at the edges, to give a
spaceship-like feel. Ash had never seen anything like it. She had a minute
to think.

Ash was almost dead certain that young girl was Jing, but if she wasn’t,
she still had her plan B, cross referencing ticket timestamps with security
cameras. On her way to the toilet, she passed three offices with
translucent window lines at the windows, but small clear spots above and
below to see inside. Ash did a hop at each office door to inspect. The first
and last offices had four people each working inside them, but the middle
office seemed to be empty. But, one person had exited mere seconds
before. Was he coming back? She had an idea. One which would require
the extra USB she had. She could gain access to the security network with
a bootloader attack.

Ash exited the bathroom and quickly moved towards that middle office.
She checked the door. it was still open. The light was off, but the natural
light from the windows kept it bright as day. Of the four multi-monitored
computers desks in the office, oriented in each corner of the room, she
took the back left one, facing away from the door. Where the man was
sitting. As long as he returned promptly, this was going to work.

 The desks were custom built pod-like structures, with a seated desk
space, and an adjacent compartment with storage drawers and a sliding
navy-blue satin door, which curved around the desk like a shell, acting as
a privacy screen.

The computers were all on. It looks like there were more employees from
this office still in the building. The computers were all Lanthum desktops,
a high-end computer brand she had extensively studied the functional and
software architecture of in the past. In this particular set of circumstances,
they were conveniently susceptible to an evil maid attack.

Ash plugged in her malware USB and booted up the Lanthum desktop in a
live Linux environment. She modified the bootloader parameters of the
system and installed software to track keystrokes and timing for disk
decryption key entering, compromising block level disk encryption. All she
needed now, was for the man to return to type in the decryption key in
the booting process, and the hidden software would send the information
directly to her phone, giving her access to the Lanthum security network
of the building.

She quickly logged out of his machine, unplugged the malware USB, and
stepped outside into the corridor, to see where he went. He stepped out of
a room (the kitchen?) nearby holding a steaming mug, and started
heading back towards Ash, with no flicker of recognition in his eyes. She
felt a burst of adrenaline as he approached her. He smiled.

“Hi! How are you doing?” He walked straight past her. The question
seemed rhetorical. He went back into his office and closed the door, Ash
leaning against the glass window of the garden, trying to look as
nonchalant as possible. He went to sit back down at his desk at the
computer. She did a small hop to peek over the translucent glass at him.

“Yess, come on, come on…” Ash whispered to herself. She had now been
away from the interview room for several minutes; she really couldn’t
afford to be gone much longer. She waited thirty seconds. More than
enough time for him to enter the decryption keys into his computer. Sure
enough, she heard a ping on her phone, and she received a file with all
the information she needed.

She opened the door to the office.

“Hi, sorry, what was your name?” She asked the young man.

“Oh, I’m Anthony!”
“I’m new, I was told to go find Anthony for Feng, I’m not sure if that’s you
or another Anthony.. Either way, he’s on the top floor, you could probably
go find him now.”

Anthony was stricken by panic.

“Ahhh shit I think I know what this is about. I’ll be right up”. He shut off his
computer again and grabbed his satchel before rushing out the door,
correcting his glasses along the way. Perfect. She sat at his desk, and
typed in the access details she had sent to her phone. Log in successful.
She navigated to the security network, and quickly scanned through the
horde of options and modules and department sub sections.

The hundreds of cameras in the building were listed in a long pile, but also
included were authenticators, computers, electronic devices, security
equipment, all sorted alphabetically, and by geographic location relative
to the three buildings comprising the site. She found the security gates
under groundFloor/gateAuthentications. She group searched the hundreds
of ticket listings and names across the four gate modules with key term
ZHAO, and came up with two names. Bolin Zhao, and Shuchang Zhao. She
checked the timestamp of Shuchang’s name. His entrance was at
08:10:33, Much earlier than the rest of the cohort.

Before she had a chance to look at the names adjacent to Zhao’s entry,
the program shut down, and a new window opened up.

Lanthum Station CC1, Desktop 3 has detected a network breach.
Motherboard firmware has been modified. Emergency recovery measures
in effect, network shutdown enforced.

“Oh, fuck” Ash huffed anxiously. She didn’t realise the security network
was built and maintained by AI. She had been pinpointed. Internal alarms
on the computers in the room all started screaming. She had mere
seconds to escape before people came storming through the front door.
Was this it? Was it all over?

Then there was a huge bang, and the whole room shook. There was
another bang, the room shook again. All the electronics in the room
turned off in a flash. She heard glass being shattered and people’s voices
yelling. A woman’s scream. She ran outside. The garden glass screen had
been shattered and people were running through the corridor to the
escape stairs.

She returned hastily to Feng Ruo’s office around the bend, and pushed
open the door, but nobody was there. Golden red carpet, dusty, ancient
book cases and regal wooden desk still intact. What the hell was
happening?
She entered the stairwell, which was overflowing with people running
down, and shoved her way up to the top floor. As she opened the stairwell
door, she saw a huge hole in the glass dome ceiling, and ropes passed
through it. In the middle of the room where everyone had cleared out
space, were Rory and Fiona, holding and beating Feng and Zhao with
baton like weapons. Numerous security guards lay on the floor around
them, the floor spattered with their blood in a gruesome rainfall of death.
Ash noticed the assault rifles strapped to both their chests. One of the
guards on the floor pulled himself up and took aim at Fiona, firing his
pistol, hitting her in the neck. Blood sprayed everywhere, Fiona fell to the
floor, and Feng Ruo had a moment to recover, before Rory swung around
and punched him square in the face.

“FIONA!! FUCK!!” Rory screamed. He threw Zhao to the floor and ran to
the guard who shot Fiona, launching an almighty kick at his head. Ash
heard a sickening crunch as the kick connected, and the guards head
rebounded against the marble step, cracking his skull. Zhao used the
moment to grab a gun himself, and fired it off at Rory, hitting him in the
chest, bringing him to the floor. The whole scene was unfolding in mere
seconds before Ash’s eyes, she barely had time to take in what was
happening.

“Who the FUCK… do you think you are…. “ Zhao screamed at Rory,
breathing heavily. “You don’t get to come here, and destroy what I’ve
worked for, you piece of shit!” Zhao shot Rory twice in the legs. The room
was now largely empty as people had fled to the ground floor and to
escape.

“Why the fuck are you here? Who are you? What do you want?”

Rory was coughing heavily. “What did you do to Arnbjörn Bergman?” he
croaked out.

“Bergman? I haven’t done jack shit. But he fucked my wife. If he’s in
trouble, he probably fucking deserves it.” Zhao took aim and shot Rory in
the head, and Ash wanted to cry out, but was grabbed from behind and
muffled with a moist rag. She felt her eyelids and head slump heavily as
her consciousness was wrenched from her grasp, and Ash’s world went
dark.
Chapter 15

Ash vaguely remembered jumping through hallucinations she wasn’t sure
were her own. Vibrating and coalescing in a lurid assortment of cerebral
fasciculations. It was long, and tiring. Seemingly endless. Ash was
exhausted, it felt like a dream. But something harsher, more acidic.
Damaging. Not quite a nightmare, much more visceral. She had done acid
before, but this was worse. Was it some kind of hybrid drug?

When she came to, Ash had a fragmented memory of the preceding
hours. Or was it days? She had lost her sense of the passage of time. Like
the sudden waking from a heavy, dark dream. Ash sat up, and looked
around. She was in a bed, in dim room, with a single filament of yellow
light illuminating the moist concrete walls around her. It looked like a
prison cell. Or potentially an interrogation room. There were no prison
bars, but a grainy, mossy wooden door. The mattress was thin, barely soft
enough to cushion the harsh steel beneath.

The heat hung in the air heavily; she could feel her clothes sticking
uncomfortably to her skin. Her clothes! She grabbed for them, and felt a
tug. She noticed the chain attached to her right wrist, chaining her to the
bed, and her chest tightened. She was wearing a black shirt and black
shorts. Ash tentatively inspected them. It felt like polyester. Gross and
artificial. The floral dress… it was nowhere in sight. That meant the two
USBs were gone too… as was her evil-maid malware…. she had been
drugged and was now sitting captive in an unknown Thai dungeon.

“Fucking fantastic. This is exactly what I needed right now.” she said out
loud, staring into the corner of the room. Wondering if there was someone
watching. If angels were watching. Supporting her and guiding her. Or was
it all nonsense? She wasn’t religious, but in times like this, she wondered
what the plan must have been. If such angels existed, what did they want
from her to put her through so much trouble. Why did she have to go
through so much damn trouble. All she wanted was to be with her parents
again, home in Stockholm. She didn’t want to be part of any of this, it was
scary, and traumatising. Seeing people die, chasing down murderers and
criminals, all in the name of finding her parents. She’d gotten lucky with
Wilma. But her father?

She recalled what Zhao said, before he murdered Rory. What was it he
said? Arnie had stolen his wife. Jesus. Ash’s mind flashed back to Kozue
Matsuuchi in Japan. The dots connected perfectly. Ash couldn’t believe
she didn’t see the possibility before, but now it felt so obvious. Kozue had
been in a relationship with Zhao, which explained his seemingly intimate
connections to the AI intelligentsia, his ex-wife being one of the most elite
administrative figures in the industry. The Kozue connection explained
EVERYTHING. Anil’s research on Hale smear campaigns against the LS-000
lab, Zhao’s resentment of Arnie, and his desire to see the Bergman name
fall. A lover scorned, the oldest agent of revenge in the book. And yet…

In the dome, Zhao said he had nothing to do with Arnie’s disappearance.
That was difficult to stick. Ash couldn’t understand. Where the hell else
would he be? Ash, Stanley, Anil… the ESI… everything pointed to him
having every reason to be the one with the most to gain from kidnapping
Arnbjörn Bergman. Ash was at a loss. She tried to reason through all the
events that had happened so far, maybe she missed something? A critical
detail, a hint, or a clue, which pointed towards where Arnie would be. She
was mentally clouded, and still felt groggy from the drugs in her system.

She felt fatigued. Ash lay down on the thin mattress and let herself drift
off to sleep once more.


Zhao, Cheung and Cheuk arrived at the Huai Khwang Bath House outside
the city, with a two 12-man squads of the Royal Thai Police. It had not
been something that was immediately critical on Zhao’s agenda, but he
couldn’t resist the convenience of the opportunity when it had presented
itself to him so willingly.

The commissioner general of the Thai Police, a good friend of Zhao’s, had
long ago fallen into deep financial troubles, and it was Zhao who had
offered him stability, and a future. He had owed Zhao a great deal, and
assured him, that should he ever be in need of police assistance while in
Thailand, the royal police will be in full support.

And this certainly was a situation, where he needed support. A classified
special operation, the police were told. Hunting down a dangerous
fugitive.

The first squad surrounded the building to prevent escape, while Zhao
barged through the front door with the 2nd squad. Sergeant Somchai
Bunchu barked something at the receptionist, while the people in the
entrance hall dropped to the floor. Bunchu showed the elderly female
receptionist a picture. She gestured and muttered the fugitive was on the
2nd floor, in the VIP section.

The officers charged through the bath house with their assault rifles, the
hard knocking of their boots on clay tiles reverberating throughout the
steaming halls. They rushed the staircase into the upper level, which was
split into two lanes. Zhao joined the left one. They went through a
women’s bathing area, while the woman screamed in fear, and cowered
under their towels and in the water. At the end was a revolving door which
led to the VIP room. The two lanes linked up again, and as Zhao stepped
through the translucent revolving door, he saw the man who he had gone
to so much trouble of finding, finally resting before him.

Arnie Bergman was sitting neck deep in a single-person pool, with his
hands up. He knew he wasn’t going to escape this time. But in the back of
his mind, he wondered how it was possible. How they had found him. He
had gone to every effort imaginable to stay hidden in the shadows. Maybe
it wasn’t such a good idea to follow Ash to Thailand. He wanted to reveal
himself to Ash, to assure her he was safe, but he could never find the right
moment. And now it had backfired on him.

“Arnbjörn Bergman. Good to see you, my friend.” The three other bathing
men in the room ran for the exits, as the police officers surrounded Arnie.

“You know what happens now, don’t you?”

“Zhao, I’m sorry for Kozue, Zhao. I didn’t know at the time.”

“This isn’t about Kozue anymore, Bergman. We’ll talk more about this at
another location. For now, goodnight.” Zhao smiled, before Arnie was
slammed in the back of the head with a gun.

Zhao took out his phone and dialled for Feng Ruo. The tone rang three
times before he picked up.

“Ruo.”
“It’s me. You can call off the task force. I found him. We’ll bring him back
tomorrow.



Ash was shaken awake by the sound of a banging door. She couldn’t see
what was happening, but could hear some muttering and something being
dragged across the floor nearby. The voices went into another room, and
faded as the door was shut again.

It was several hours before Arnie regained his consciousness. His body felt
heavy, sunken, like coming out of an intense drug induced fatigue after an
invasive surgery. But a hard slap from Zhao brought him immediately to
his senses, confused, but alert. He felt his hands and legs sharply tied to a
chair. He was dressed in the shorts and shirt he took to the bath house.

“Welcome back to the real world, Arn. Now, I know you’re going to tell me,
because you know there’s no way for you to stop this from happening.
Where are all the LS-000 prototypes?”

“They were destroyed, I couldn’t keep them around with developing
climate.”

“We found the first two bots in a safe on Örnevägen. Why are you lying to
me, Bergman?”

Arnie had totally forgotten about the first two bots. He stored them as
relics embedded in his desk, as symbols of what was to come from the
developing technology, but he never imagined anyone would know they
were there or how to retrieve them. He cracked a sweat in the oppressive
Bangkok heat.

“I… forgot about those. I hope they’ve been useful to you”

“Where are the others then?”

“As I said, I destroyed the others, I had no way of securely keeping them
given the growing voices fixed against what I had created.”

“You had one special one… a sentient one… don’t bullshit me on this.”
“You are mistaken, the LS-000 lab didn’t reach that point yet. But we were
close. Very close.”

“Then what is so special about the LS-633 bot?”

Where was he getting this information… Arnie was struggling to think. He
didn’t have questions, only answers. He was looking for a location only.
“I’m going to ask very politely, I hope you can respond accordingly, Arn.
You developed a sentient bot, prototype 633 in the LS-000 series. You are
hiding it at a secret location, because there is no way you would have
destroyed this page of human history. And I need to know that location.
Where is the LS-633 bot, and how do I retrieve it?”

“I can’t tell you Shuchang, you know I can’t.”

“Actually, I think you can” Zhao said. He snapped his fingers at Cheung.
Cheung left the room, and Zhao stared intently at Arnie. The only sound in
the room was Arnie’s laboured breathing. Breath in, breath out. Zhao was
motionless, resting his chin on his clasped hands. The limited light in the
room bounced off the concrete walls giving them a dull pallor. Arnie felt
even more constricted, like the air itself was suffocating him.

A few moments later, Cheung returned, and Arnie’s heart fell out of his
chest. Cheung dragged Ash by the hair and threw her on the floor
between them, her hands and feet bound tightly in rope. She was
screaming in pain, and when she saw him, she burst out into tears. Ash
tried to move towards Arnie, but fell over and hit her face on the floor and
muffled a cry into the floor.

“Dad…” She cried in pain. Cheung kicked her in the face.

“Shut the fuck up, that’s getting on my nerves”

It broke Arnie’s heart to see Ash with her face in the dirt, Cheung standing
over her menacingly, kicking and spitting on her, breaking her. Seeing his
daughter in this state was shaking him to the core. He could not bear the
sight of It any longer.

“Okay! Okay. Listen. I’ll tell you where 633 is. Can you please just… let
her go. You don’t need to hurt her. She hasn’t done anything. All you need
is the 633 right? I can give it to you.”

“I’m listening” Zhao replied.

“I have it stored in a safe, in the post distribution centre in Chanthaburi”

“Chanthaburi? Southwest of Bangkok?” Zhao scoffed. “So you’ve been
here all this time…” Zhao laughed.

Arnie hadn’t been in Thailand the whole time, but he could not risk leaving
633 anywhere, so he carried it with him wherever he went. He wasn’t
planning on getting caught.

Zhao looked to Ash. “Your pretty little daughter will be coming with us.”
He smiled sardonically. “I really hope, for both your sakes, you’re telling
the truth, Arn. Really.”
Cheung pulled up Ash from the floor, and the last thing Arnie remembered
seeing was a flash of Zhao’s fist hitting him square in the nose, as he
passed out.

Ash barely had the strength to hold her body together. She didn’t know if
she needed to cry, use the bathroom, or just remember how to breathe.
Did she remember how to breathe? She took a few shallow breaths. All of
this was a mistake. Coming to Thailand. Going off script and trying to join
the meeting with Ruo through Kristina. Or maybe she had the right ideas.
Maybe Ash was onto something, until Rory and Fiona got themselves
killed, and ruined everything in spectacular fashion. Ash was right on the
brink of handing the drives to Jing, she just needed a little bit more time,
and then she had to get caught. At least Ash knew her father was alive.
But for how long, she couldn’t tell. And now, they were being sent on a
death mission to retrieve Arnie’s final 633 bot. Once Zhao acquired it,
there was no reason for him to keep them around. High chance Zhao
would kill them both.

Ash’s mind was racing with thoughts of death. Arby. Max. Stanley. Arnie.
Wilma. Lotar Warga was on their side. Anil and Bessley… where were Anil
and Bessley? She had nothing on her, no phone, no communications. She
was a prisoner, and had no way out. She was too exhausted to think.
There was nothing to be done.

Cheung pulled her into an elevator, and they went up for several floors,
before stepping out onto a rooftop balcony area of the building they were
in, high above the city street. Ash managed to peek over the edge to get a
quick scope of any landmarks around her, but there wasn’t much; only a
flush of green trees and a line of boarded up buildings along the dirty
street. They were far from the city, but it was impossible to say where
exactly. Cheung suddenly grabbed her by the shoulders and pulled a
fabric bag over her head before tying it around her neck. Ash felt a brief
moment of panic as she lost her vision, but then felt a pressure at her
legs. The rope binding her feet was cut open and she could stand
properly.

“Move” Cheung said gruffly. Cheung kept leading her forward. There was
a sharp turn, before a ramp she carefully walked up. They kept moving,
and Cheung held onto her to ensure she didn’t fall. She heard a vehicle
door open. Cheung pushed her inside, and she fell on her face again. She
tasted leather. It was soft against her knees and shoulders, a far cry from
the hard concrete she lay on in the underground cell previously.

Ash twisted her body around to sit up. She heard muffled speaking
outside. The door was opened again, and something pushed against her
side. She touched hair with her forearm.
“Dad…” She whispered. She could barely see anything through the bag,
but she was able to breathe at least. She didn’t want to make any sudden
moves.

Zhao and Cheung got in the front and started muttering something in
mandarin. The helicopter blades started spinning. It was incredibly loud.
She didn’t have any headphones, and the bag did little to soften the blow
of the noise. She fell to her side, against her unconscious father’s body,
and tried to drown out the noise for the flight ahead.

It felt like an eternity in the air. Ash was suffocating in the noise,
squeezing her eyes shut, trying to take herself to another realm, of peace,
of painlessness. It was a struggle. She fell in and out of awareness more
times than she could count, and kept feeling like she’d just lost track of
small chunks of time. Like her memory timeline was coming out with holes
in it. But, to her immense relief, the helicopter had eventually come down
to land. The doors were swung open and she felt herself being pulled and
jolted around again, not knowing the direction she was heading. They
rope around her neck was loosened, and the bag was lifted.

They were in a grassy field, a line of dirty white buildings nearby. They
looked no different to the ones they were in before the helicopter ride, it
was almost as if they hadn’t flown anywhere. Around the other side of the
helicopter, Arnie came into view, likewise bound with his hands behind his
back.

“Dad!” she called out.

Arnie shook his head with an alert look in his eyes, as if indicating not to
speak. Ash, Cheung, Zhao and Arnie approached the biggest building from
the back, and entered through a small slitted iron gate, which housed a
dull garden inside. Zhao and Cheung took off Ash and Arnie’s handcuffs.

“You try to run, we shoot. Sounds good?” Zhao huffed.

They approached the back door of the post office, and Zhao knocked
three times. He hid his gun in his jacket, same as Cheung. A man in a light
blue vest, the office clerk, opened the door. Zhao stepped back, and
gestured to Arnie.

“Mr Russell.” The clerk said, in broken English. “You bought company.”

“Yes, I…”

Zhao and Cheung looked expectantly at him.

“I need to open safe ten, please.”

“Certainly. Follow me.”
The four of them entered the building behind the clerk. Ash and Arnie
were still barefoot. They went down some steps into a basement area, and
through a huge steel door. It was thick and painted red, and already
opened. They stepped into a large rectangular room, containing hundreds
of little drawers stacked at least three metres high, the top most ones
requiring a ladder to access. The bottom third of the walls were lined with
a long line of larger safes, all the way around, from one end of the red
door, around to the other.

The clerk brought the four of them to safe ten, indistinguishable from the
others. He gave Arnie an intricately cut, thick metal key, and asked, “Are
you ok to open and close it yourself?”

“Yes, thanks. We will leave when we are done.”

“Ok, just exit when you like, take what you need from your safe. Thankyou
Mr Russell. Have a nice day. I’ll be getting back to the office.”

The clerk left. Arnie put his left hand on the metal door, and inserted the
key, before turning a couple of times. There was a click, and he pulled it
open.

“Ahhh!”

A shrill cry came from within.

“Don’t hurt me please! I’m waiting for my friend!”

A small, circular robot was revving its little motors into the corner of the
safe, as it… sniffled?? In fear??

“633…” Arnie said.

The robot was huffing. Breathing? It suddenly relaxed. Three slits opened
from the pitch-black ball, two little robotic hands slid out, with five thin
digits each. On the top slit, a light illuminated, and a projection of two
unnaturally large, curious blue eyes, hung in the air. The eyes blinked. The
holographic projection of two eyes, which do not dry up in the air and do
not require any cleaning, blinked. No two spidery limbs and unnatural
robotic eyes was all it took, and this robot already felt like a human.

“Oh! Hello Sir! Lovely to see you! Who are your friends?” 633 looked
inquisitively at Ash, Zhao and Cheung. 633 had an elegant British accent.

“So its true…” Zhao began. “You’ve created sentience… the potential
here is… extraordinary…”

“Ah… might I know your name, sir?”
“That doesn’t matter my friend” Zhao stepped up and grabbed 633.

“Excuse me! Sir! This is not polite at all!”

“Let’s go” Zhao gestured to Cheung, who slammed the door shut, and an
electronic lock buzzed into place automatically. Ash and Arnie followed
Zhao, with Cheung behind them.
633 quietly accepted the situation and retreated into his shell.

They exited out the back door. Just as Ash and Arnie were about to open
the helicopter doors in the grassy field, Zhao put his hand up.

“Where do you think you’re going? We’re done here.”
“Zhao…. Please….” Arnie began. Zhao didn’t listen. They got into the front
seats of the helicopter and started it up, before lifting up and flying away,
as Arnie and Ash watched on. In some ways Ash felt immense relief, that
Zhao had decided not to shoot them outright. Maybe that spoke to some
better character or judgement of Zhao’s, deep beneath the belligerent,
angry surface of his. But now they were stuck, barefoot, with nothing but
the clothes on their backs. In a remote town in Thailand. This was going to
be difficult.
Chapter 16

“Dad, I’m so glad you’re ok” Ash jumped on Arnie in embrace. “I thought
you were dead.”

“I thought so too honey.” Arnie was fixated on the horizon, watching Zhao
and Cheung disappear into the distance. “He just let us go… are we really
that meaningless now?”
He turned to Ash. It was the first time he’d seen his daughter in weeks. It
felt like months. \

“You know Ash, for the longest time I wanted to contact you. To tell you
where I was, so I didn’t have to keep watching you put yourself in
danger.”

“Wait, you knew where I was all this time?”

“Yea.”

“How? Why didn’t you say anything?”

“That key to the basement in Stockholm, that I told you to never take off
your neck, no matter where you are. It has a nanochip GPS tracking
system in it. It wasn’t only for your access to the lab; I made that key for
your safety too.”

Ash grabbed at her neck. The key was gone.

“I didn’t know who to trust Ash. That’s why I stayed hidden for so long”

“Dad, what did you use to track the key? Was it on your phone?”

“Yea”

“Isn’t your stuff still at the Huai Khwang bath house?”
“Oh…” Arnie realised what Ash was thinking.

“We need to find a way back there, dad. Is that office clerk your friend?
Does he have a car? Some money we can borrow? We need to get your
phone.”

“Ash, honey, did you find your mom?”

“Yea, she’s safe in Spain. Apparently, she goes way back with Warga, the
billionaire.”

“Really? What, like, they were together?”

“No dad, just friends. Speaking of, why the fuck did you cheat on mom
with Kozue Matsuuchi?”

He sighed deeply.

“That was…. A grave mistake. A lapse in judgement that was never
repeated again, and never will be.”

“Does mom know about this?”

“No.”

“When are you going to tell her?”

“As soon as I can. Let’s first focus on surviving right now, okay Ash? The
Kozue thing was years ago. I know I fucked up. Everyone has their secrets.
I thought maybe there was a right time to bring that up with your mom,
but that time never came. Up until now anyway. I don’t know how you
found out. But I promise I’ll make things right”

“Whatever dad”

Ash took off back to the post office block, with Arnie behind. Their feet
were sore from the pebbly ground. They knocked on the back door again,
and a different employee answered.


ทำอะไรอยู่ข้างหลัง? คุณพูดภาษาไทยได้ไหม
ฉันสามารถช่วยอะไรคุณได้บ้าง?                        (What are you doing in

the back? Do you speak Thai? Can I help you with something?) The man

squawked.
“Sam. Get me Sam please. Sam.”

The man seemed to understand. He called out somewhere behind him,
and the other clerk arrived a moment later.

“Mr Russell. How can I help you?”

Arnie’s relationship to Sam wasn’t exactly that of lifelong best friends, but
Sam had a friendly enough disposition, and had quickly and discreetly
organized Arnie’s safe storage in the post office a few days prior,
something for which Arnie was incredibly grateful. He hoped Sam would
be in a good enough spirit to assist now.

“Sam, we need to get to Huai Khwang, is there any way you can help us
get there?”

“I am working Mr Russell. I cannot help you I’m sorry.”

“We need to get to Huai Khwang as soon as possible, It’s very, very
important, I don’t have my money on me at the moment. Please, can we
borrow some money for transport? And I will come pay you back double as
soon as I can.”

“Huai Khwang is nearly four hours from here, Mr Russell. That will cost you
maybe 1500 Baht. I can borrow you this money, but please, return to me
this money soon.”

Arnie clasped Sam’s hand and bowed in gratitude. “Thankyou Sam. I can’t
tell you how much this means to me”.

Sam pulled his hand back and nodded feebly. He turned around and
unlocked a drawer in a nearby cabinet with a key from his pocket. Inside
was a stack of bills, and he counted out 1500 Baht in fifteen 100 Baht
notes, before locking the drawer again. He handed the money to Arnie.

“Go to the front. There’s a taxi line up the street. They will help you.
Come” He gestured for Ash and Arnie to come through the office. Arnie
stored the money in his pocket, and kept his hand wrapped around it.
They walked through and exited to the front hall of the building, where
people were lined up waiting to post various boxes and letters and pick up
parcels. Everyone stared as Ash and Arnie walked through with their dirty
feet and haggard look. The air temperature was still hot for January, but it
was somewhat bearable, especially with just thin clothing on, and the
wind blowing on Ash’s skin. Exiting the front door, Ash squinted in the
intense sunlight. Just up the road from the intersection was a forest green
and bright yellow taxi car.

“There, dad!”
They jogged towards it, and Arnie approached from the driver’s side. He
made eye contact. The driver gave an expression of disgust, and quickly
drove away from the kerb.

“What the fuck man” Ash scoffed.

There were no other taxis around. Shit. The sign did say this was the taxi
rank. They decided to wait under the shadow of a nearby fruit shop for the
next Taxi to arrive. But, after a good forty minutes of waiting, none had
yet arrived.

“Ash, I don’t know what’s going on.”

Ash darted ahead quickly.

“Hey! Wait! Where are you going??” Arnie called out. As he worked his
way through the crowd, he found Ash talking to a westerner.

“….massive cultural event in Bangkok at the moment, all the taxis are
there, it’s the best day in the year for taxi fares.”

“So how are people supposed to get transport to Bangkok?” Ash asked.

“Well, you can’t unfortunately. There’s a bus station, but that’s shut down
for the holiday period too.”

“Oh my fucking god.” Ash cursed. “Sorry, sir. Thanks for the help.”

The old, bespectacled man nodded. “Not a problem dear. Have a great
day!” he continued on his way down the street.

“What do we do now?” Ash asked.

“We need to get shoes first my feet are fucking killing me.” Arnie grunted.

They ventured down the road to look for a shoe store. There were a heap
of restaurants, a kitchen shop, and a phone repair stall. Ash was irate.
They walked for another fifteen minutes before they finally found
something. Arnie stumbled across a clothing store, which had a single
display stand at the front with some sandals, all in the same style, black
canvas. They looked very big, all men’s sandals.

“Ahhh I hope they have my sizes” Ash sniffled in emotion. They stepped
inside and, mercifully, the store clerk spoke some English.

“Hello, can we buy sandals?” Ash inquired.

“No lady size, only men”
Ash’s spirit sank.

“That’s ok, can I have a look at size 12 please?” Arnie asked. The clerk
ducked under the front desk and pulled out a pair for Arnie to try.

“You try you buy” The clerk said. Arnie slipped them on, and tightened the
strap. They fit perfectly.

“Shit, Ash, maybe you can try a 12? Just tighten the strap really hard.”

“Can I have a 12 too please?” Ash asked in resignation. The clerk ducked
under again and handed her a pair. Ash dropped them on the floor and
tentatively slipped her foot inside, feeling her way around. The shoes were
far too big. But, she could tighten the strap at the tip tight enough to
provide some reasonable mobility. It would have to do. She needed the
relief from walking on pebbles and dirt.

“How much?” Arnie asked.

“How much you have?”

Arnie was taken aback. He didn’t want to be taken for a ride, but they
didn’t have a choice.

“1000 baht”

“Not enough. 1400 baht only” the clerk cracked back.

“Wait! Ok, no, we can do 1400. We have 1400 yes.” Arnie breathed
heavily in relief. Out of his pocket he pulled out the notes from Sam and
counted out fourteen 100’s, and handed them to the clerk.

“Thankyou. Come again soon.”

With the shoe situation almost settled, Arnie hoisted Ash up by the
shoulders, to help her clip clop her way out onto the street in the shoes.

“How do you feel in them, Ash?”

“Ahhh I feel like a fucking clown” She croaked out a laugh. “But it’s such
relief, I needed this.”

Arnie guided Ash towards a bench. He suddenly had an idea. “Hey what’s
the time in Barcelona?”

“You want to call Warga? Shit, I don’t have his number though.”
Then she remembered. Warga had given her his personal card, with his
direct number, back in Tokyo.

“Arghh, wait, I think I know it…” Ash struggled to piece together the digits
on the card. She remembered reading them at least once, but the image
was blurry in her mind. It was a satellite phone number that started with
111… then it was an 876…. It was triple one, 876, 3 something. Three
something. She couldn’t remember the ending. It was less than 5 extra
letters, but Ash couldn’t remember the pattern that was there. It was a
pattern, definitely.

“Ahhhh FUCK!” Ash yelled. She sat on the ground and pushed her head
between her knees in frustration, slamming the ground with the bottom of
her fist.

“Triple one, eight seven six, three….”

“Do you remember the number?” Arnie asked.

“Yea, Warga gave me his card when I was in Japan. It was a satellite
phone, his personal phone. It was 111 876 3 something.”

Then it hit her.

“Wait a second…. I think I’ve got it. Is there a payphone around?”

“Let’s just go back to Sam? He’s right there.”

“Ah, true.”

They walked slowly back to the post office, crossing the busy street in-
front of it. Ash’s huge sandals were faring well.

“Should we go around the back though?” Ash asked.

“It should be fine”

They stepped through the front. Sam quickly came from behind the
register.

“Please, Mr Russell. You are still here?”

“There’s been a change of plan. Can we use your phone?”

“Yes of course. We must go to the back.”

The disgruntled customers grunted disapprovingly as Ash and Arnie’s dirty
figures passed by them. Near the rear entrance, Sam handed Arnie his
small smartphone.
“Ash, what’s the number?”

“It’s a satellite phone so just punch it in, its 111, 876, 31415, quadruple
9.”

Arnie dialled the number. Mercifully, it started ringing. Surprisingly, it was
a melodic tune. He handed it to Ash.

After about ten seconds, a voice answered.

“Hello, this is Warga”

“Warga! Thank god this works.” Ash gasped in emotion. “I was scared I’d
forgotten the number you were on.”

“Ash, where are you? Are you alright?”

“Yea… um…” Her voice trembled. “I found my dad, he’s ok, but we were
caught by Zhao. Dad told him where the 633 was hidden, and now he’s
taken it and left us stranded.”

“Arnie is safe? Oh, bloody good. Where are you both right now?”

“In a town called Chanthaburi”

“Okay, I’ll be sending transport soon. It should arrive at the location of the
phone you are calling from right now. I’ve sent an auto tracker request to
register where you are.

“What are you sending? How long will it take?”

But Warga had hung up the phone.

“Well, somethings coming I guess.”

“What did he say?” Arnie asked.

“He’s sending transport, to the location of the phone.” Ash took a deep
breath, and let it out. “I guess we wait.” She handed Sam back the phone,
and they went outside into the field.

The afternoon was well and truly past, and sunset was rapidly
approaching. Ash enjoyed the amber glow of the sun, as it nestled itself
on the horizon, slowly lowering down to drift off into its daily sleep. No,
wait, that was wrong. The sun never slept. It simply travelled to other
parts of the world which had not yet seen its light. The sun was could not
be in all places at once. There was only so much of the spherical earth it
could illuminate at any one time.
In what seemed like only a few minutes (Or maybe time was flowing
quicker than she realised), something resembling a spaceship appeared in
the distant sky. It had a purple, flashing light, on each side of the ship,
and it was heading straight towards them. As it got closer, Ash realised it
wasn’t very big at all. It was a car. The Warga Panther. Ash gasped. The
Panther lowered itself gently onto the grass, using an array of assistive
thrusters. Inside, was the dancing robot from Barcelona. One of them
anyway. There was no way it got here from Spain so quickly. Warga must
have had a deployment site nearby. Ash had no idea where it came from.
It stepped out from the passenger seat and bowed.

“Greetings, you have been scheduled for rescue by Dr Lotàr Warga.” It
spoke from its head, with no apparent mouth or face. She didn’t know
they could do that.

“Uh, yes, dad, mom made that prototype, did you know?”

Arnie’s jaw dropped in amazement. Wilma had never shared such a
project with him before, and was astounded at the sophistication of the
engineering.

“We need to get going, please enter the vehicle.” The robot said.

Ash got in the front passenger seat, while Arnie hobbled over to the back
seat.

“How did this get through the airspace? Aren’t you afraid people will take
pictures? Flying cars? No?”

“Dr Warga has given strict instructions for your retrieval. While the
Panther is capable of autopilot, I am present as a precautionary measure,
and am outfitted with full combat specifications.” The bot replied. “In
addition, the Panther has an invisibility mode, with refractive panelling.”

Holy shit.

Suddenly, out of his chest, a mechanism clicked and shifted, and a gun
barrel appeared in the middle.

“Jesus Christ, put that away please.” Ash got a fright.

“Of course.” The gun clicked and shifted away.

“What’s your name?” Ash asked.

“Please, call me Sirius”

“Sirius, where are you taking us?”
“Currently, the destination is Warga Automotive, Bangkok Factory,
Helipad Two. However, should you require another destination, you may
specify at your discretion.”

That made sense how it got here so fast.

“We need to get to the Huai Khwang bath house. Can you take us there?”

“Yes. Huai Khwang is a populated district. But, I can drop you on the roof.”

“Sounds like a plan to me, Sirius.”

Ash turned to Arnie.

“This is pretty nuts, don’t you think?” she said.

“Where is all this from, Ash? Since when has Warga known how to make
these? Mom made Sirius? What on earth. “This is just…”

“Mind blowing. I know. I didn’t expect this either. But this is what the
competition looks like, dad.”

Arnie was taking in the sleek, metallic interior. A flawless, dark dashboard
with nothing beat into it, everything was an electronic projection,
including a comprehensive mini diagram of the car and all its functioning
parts, their efficiency, and wear. The speed, the rotations per minute, and
energy level. Everything was there.

If there was ever a word to describe a car this aesthetic, it was “sexy”.
The Warga Panther. A beautiful feat of engineering.

The flight was smooth, and took a bit over an hour soaring through the air.
As they passed various villages in the night sky, Ash looked down
curiously at all the twinkling lights and dark bodies walking the street.
People looked up at them, confused, perhaps intrigued. They definitely
hadn’t seen a car operating at that height before. Sirius didn’t bother
turning on the refractive panelling.

They arrived in a congested city block, and the Panther lowered itself
slowly with its thrusters, to hover just above the roof tiles of the Huai
Khwang bath house.

“The Panther will remain here, and I will accompany you.”

“No!” Ash interjected quickly. Sirius turned to her.

“For your safety, I must insist”
“I’m just not sure it’s the right thing to do, to show you to the civilians
here, they’re not used to much technology. I don’t think they’re ready to
see something like you, Sirius.”

Sirius froze for a moment.
“I have been tasked with your protection. However, if you have evaluated
the risk to your safety is negligible at the current location, you may
proceed without me. I shall await your return”

“Let’s get your stuff, dad”

They took a few steps and slid off the roof tiles onto a balcony. Arnie
pulled the sliding glass door open. They were in the women’s VIP section.
A few women squeaked in terror, and one ran downstairs, presumably to
call security.

“Fuck, ahhh, sorry ladies! I’m so sorry!” Arnie kept his head down as he
quickly moved towards the door, covering the women from view with his
hands over his eyes. Ash quickly followed behind. They entered a corridor,
and went through the next door. This was the exact same place Arnie was
last, before he was jumped by Zhao. He went to the lockers in the corner
of the room, and his locker was cleared out.

“God dammit, it’s not here” he said.

“Wait, maybe they have it in lost property?”

The two security guards from downstairs rushed into the room. They
recognised Arnie, but not Ash.

“You need to leave, this is the VIP room!” One of them growled at Ash.

“She’s my daughter, she’s with me.” Arnie said.

“One of the ladies said you were perverting in the women’s section.
Please do not go into the women’s section Mr Russell. Welcome to the
Huai Khwang bath house, Mr Russell’s daughter.”

“I’m Ash” she replied.

“Ash. Okay.”

“Hold on a second” Arnie continued. “I left my stuff here a while ago.
Where did it go? I was in that locker right there” he pointed to the now
empty metal box.

“A man came and opened it already.” The guard said.

“What? How is that possible? I had a passcode on the door.”
“The man must have known your passcode.”

Arnie was dumbfounded.

“How…. Is this some kind of joke?”

“How am I supposed to know who you go around sharing your passwords
with.” The guard laughed.

Then it finally hit. Anil Wijeweera. Anyone could have made the
connection that 0633 is the number of the final bot of the LS-000 series,
but only Anil knew that 0633 was the passcode they used in the lab at
KTH. Anil was the only person who would think to use the code here. But
then, what astronomically improbable circumstances they would be for
Anil to have been in the same location at this time, and known that Arnie
himself was in this exact bath house… this wasn’t a coincidence. Arnie felt
the hot stirring of adrenaline in his chest. Anil was nearby with his phone,
and somehow, some way, Anil had known where he was.

“Ash, check the bottom floor, I’ll tell Sirius to wait another minute.”

Ash disappeared into the corridor.

“Sorry for the disruption, we’ll be on our way soon”

The guard sat down in a recliner chair and stretched out, seemingly
ignoring him. Arnie went back outside onto the balcony, and climbed onto
the roof tiles, to see Sirius sitting in the Panther, as it hovered quietly
above the slanted tiles. Sirius stepped out quickly.

“Are you ready to depart, Sir?”

“Not yet. We’ll be another minute”

He jumped back down onto the balcony and re-entered the VIP room. It
was quiet. Two men were relaxing in the larger hot pool, but otherwise it
was empty. One guard was dozing off, while the other had gone back
downstairs. Arnie waited a few more minutes, before his patience grew
thin. He went downstairs to see where Ash had gone. He passed through
the Corinthian columns of the main hall (Admittedly the columns looked a
bit out of place in Thailand) and flung the reception door open. Ash was
there, talking to Anil.

“What are you doing here? Of all places, what the hell are you doing here,
Anil?”

“Arnie! So good to see you’re ok!” Anil jumped on Arnie to give him an
awkward hug.
“I-I was looking for you, I came to Thailand with Ash. There’s a whole ESI
mission out on your rescue, Operation Indie Mind.”

“Operation Indie Mind…” Arnie repeated.

“Yea! They thought you were captured and they had two suspects down,
Lotàr Warga and Shuchang Zhao. There was a whole-“

“Anil, stop.” Arnie interjected. Anil looked up at him in confusion.

“You have my phone and bag. Why? More importantly, how did you know
it would be in a specific locker in this specific bath house?”

Anil looked uncomfortable, and very uncertain of what to say. He was
looking at the floor, unable to make eye contact.

“Okay so, the truth is there was a time, I can’t say when exactly, at KTH
you had some emergency and you left your desk to go home for some
time, you left your phone there, and I took that opportunity to install
backdoor software with root privileges on your phone, just so I could track
you. I swear to god, I never looked at any of your data, I just did it
because I wanted to help if you ever got in trouble.”

It was disconcerting to Arnie knowing how long Anil had known his every
move, every interaction, every secret thing he’s ever stored on his phone.
It was a disgusting breach of privacy.

“Do you have any idea, how fucked that is Anil? Wilma and I were your
mentors, we brought you into the lab, shared all our research, ideas, and
technology with you, and you go do something so disgusting as tracking
me? How long was this even going on?”

“A few years. I’m so sor-“

“Jesus fucking Christ man. Anil you are a fucking psychopath. Where is my
bag and phone now?”

“Anil took off his backpack and unzipped it, taking out Arnie’s bag with his
belongings. He snatched it from Anil, and took out his phone. It had a
small amount of battery left. Arnie had to restrain himself with all his
might not to pummel Anil in the face right now.

“I don’t know where you are staying right now Anil.” Arnie looked Anil
deep in the eyes. “You should know, Zhao has stolen 633.” He checked for
a reaction from Anil. Anil’s pupil widened. “I don’t know what he plans to
do with it. Right now our number one priority is getting it back. The only
thing I’m hoping for is that Zhao doesn’t stumble across the fact that 633
can transfer consciousness digitally. If he discovers that, he will be able to
digitize his mind, and that’s a global cyber security threat the human race
has not yet prepared for.




Chapter 17

Ash couldn’t believe what she was hearing. Transfer consciousness?
Literally transfer consciousness?

“You need to go, Anil. Go back to Sweden. Let ESI know Wilma and I have
been found and are safe, but 633 has been stolen, and we are doing
everything we can to take it back, before Zhao realises the power in his
hands.”
“I understand”

“Ash, let’s go back up. Sirius is waiting for us.”

“Sirius?” Anil asked.

“Just go, Anil”

They went back through the Greek columns and up the stairs, and onto
the VIP balcony. Sirius was standing on the roof tiles looking at the night
sky.

“Ready to go, Sir?”

“Yes, Sirius, take us to the Warga factory. We need to figure out our next
move.”

Arnie and Ash both got in the back as Sirius started the car. Arnie opened
his phone to check the location of Ash’s key.

“Where did you last have the basement key?”

“At the Goro center, but then I was knocked out and woke up in some
basement cellar thing tied up, same place we were at when you woke up.
I don’t know whether they took the key or what.”

Arnie booted up the tracking software.

“Sir, please charge your phone behind the headrest, there is an instant
charging wireless system installed.”
Arnie held up his phone to the headrest, and the battery filled to max in
half a second.

“Wow” Arnie chuckled, in a moment of amazement.

He returned to the software. It highlighted a bunch of keys and items
Arnie kept track of over time. He tapped on ASH KEY. The location showed
up as somewhere in the centre of Bangkok, but it was moving. showed the
key in the city somewhere. It was moving on the map. No….

“Do you think…. That’s Zhao carrying it?”

“Could be. Or one of his guys. At least we have it on the map.”

The Panther took off into the air.

“I have no idea where the factory is. We’ll go on foot from there. Sirius,
how far is it?”
“We’ll be landing in about nine minutes sir.”

“Okay”

They cruised over the city blocks, but Arnie and Ash fixated on the
movements of the key to enjoy the view. Before long, they had made their
descent, and landed on a damp helipad, greeted by two Warga
employees. They traversed a set of steel grate steps into the building.

From the outside, the structure was well kept, with a fresh paint across
every surface, and a clean, crisp cement helipad. But on the inside, the
story was completely different. It looked like some kind of mining factory,
with long lines of powdery substances being carried across a matrix of
pulley systems throughout the space above them on the walkway. There
were no slick colours or elegant machines. It looked far more drab than
Barcelona. She saw no car components or work stations. Was this a
hideout? Ash rubbed her palm across a dusty patch of the wall. Black
spray paint shone through, in Thai lettering she couldn’t understand.
Warga bought the building from somebody. By the looks of it, very
recently too.

“What did Warga want with this place, Sirius?”

“Mr Warga purchased this glass factory with the purposes of establishing
new business grounding in Thailand. He expressed uncertainty whether or
not he intended to convert this building into an automotive factory.”

Glass factory? That didn’t make much sense to Ash. But who was she to
question. They descended some more steps to enter a large, olive-green
lounge area with yellow and grey leather furniture on the ground floor.

“You are free to stay as long as you wish, and use any resources you may
need” the female employee said. And with that, she left with her male
counterpart.

“Well…” Arnie said, confused.

“We need to get that key. Let’s go” Ash said.

“But we don’t have any weapons Ash. What do you think we are going to
do, just walk up to Zhao and re take the key?”

“I am able to provide protection” Sirius interjected.
“But…” Ash wrestled with what to do. Sirius was a hyper advanced
humanoid robot, he wasn’t even supposed to be released to the public
until the following year, in 2030. She wasn’t even sure why that mattered
in the greater scheme of things. Was she expecting some public terror or
fear? Or a police response or something? Maybe passers-by wouldn’t even
care if they saw Sirius. Maybe they had nothing to worry about.
“Ok Sirius. You can come with us” Ash said reluctantly. She hoped she
wasn’t going to regret that decision. She braced herself for the prospect of
a police escalation. Shit. She didn’t want to think about it. They needed
that key.

They stepped outside into the suburb of Tuckham. According to Arnie’s
phone, the key was located at Pradiphat Alley, a few hundred metres
away. Immediately upon stepping into the public street, they were
greeted with curious glances, pointing and muttering by the civilians
around them, fascinated by the walking, metal, human-like entity in-front
of them. It didn’t help Sirius’ movement and mannerism was so human.
Ash kept clip clopping with her oversized sandals, as they navigated
through the various corners and buildings. They passed a strange alley full
of mystical magic shops. They contained mysterious, inked placard,
banners, posters, instruments and exotic looking “magical” artifacts. The
stores themselves all had incense burners active, which was the only
plausible explanation for why the little side street was soaked in the
sweet-smelling aroma of different incense flavours, mixing together to
create a hallucinogenic cloud of vapor.

A woman dressed in a deep blue robe and an elaborate colourful head
dress approached them, speaking enthusiastically in Thai.


คุณมีคนวิเศษ! คนวิเศษต้องการความแข็งแกร่ง
ของฉัน!      (You have a magic one! the magic one needs my strength!)

She performed some kind of ritualistic hand manoeuvres Infront of Sirius,
seemingly unfazed by him. She draped her arms around him in a hug,
before sprinkling small blue flower petals over his head.


ขอโทษค่ะคุณผู้หญิง เรากำลังรีบ                    (Sorry, madam, but we

are in a rush)

Sirius brushed her aside gently, and picked up the walking pace, Ash and
Arnie struggling to keep up.

“Sirius, you have a translation system? I can’t believe I never thought of
that” Ash muttered.

“I have varied default utility programs” Sirius replied. Indifferent?
Nonchalant? She couldn’t even tell. What was that… strange woman
sprinkling flowers on him.
“You’re cursed now Sirius” Ash teased.

“Perhaps” he replied ominously, and returned to silence. Wow. So much
for sense of humour programming, Ash thought.

They exited the row of consecutive magic stores and onto a busy main
street.

“Sir, allow me to transfer the software to my navigation system” Sirius
offered.

“What? Why?”

“I can direct you towards the key without the need for you to keep
checking your phone”

“Oh… okay, do it?” Arnie had no cables, he wasn’t sure what Sirius
wanted to do.

Sirius put his hand over Arnie’s phone, and the screen went black, and
started flashing yellow. The break lines in the metal pieces of his hands
were flashing yellow too. Five seconds later, his phone returned to the
normal screen.

“Please follow me, I have the location of the key”


Anil Wijeweera was walking at a relaxed pace through the warm street,
trying to enjoy the heat, before he inevitably returned to the much colder
northern hemisphere. It had been so long since he felt properly warm and
content in his flesh, and he was tired of it. He had bought himself an ice
cream a few minutes previously, and even that was too much. He just
needed…heat. To touch him and soak him. Despite the comforting
weather, Anil wasn’t in the brightest of moods. Partially due to the price
he had paid for something he was not all too sure would pay the dividends
he was seeking.

He had never known what it was like to be loved. His mother had
abandoned him at an orphanage in Hyderabad, India when he was seven.
The numbers at the orphanage were heavily skewed towards the older
age group, the next youngest boy being a ten year old called Mapu. Anil
was the smallest and the weakest by a country mile.

Now, most of the older boys had no interest in Mapu or Anil, and left them
to their own devices. Which wasn’t completely ideal, because that left
Mapu to do what he saw fit with Anil, without the supervision or care of
others. Mapu had a crude, belligerent disposition which unfortunately lent
itself to sporadic outbursts of violence, but it was definitely not something
Mapu every felt remorseful for. Quite the contrary, it was a source of great
satisfaction and pleasure for Mapu, to watch a smaller, weaker,
defenceless being, suffering and writhing under his hand. It gave him a
sense of overwhelming, sadistic power.
Anil lived with that domination for nine years. Nine years of submission
and weakness, before his academic results at school opened up a
scholarship opportunity to travel to Sweden. Anil took it immediately. The
years in India had not done him any favours In building up his courage to
tackle the world head on, but he would have rather killed himself than let
the opportunity of escape slip by.

And all these years later, here he was, grappling with his obsession with
Ash, his respect for Arnbjörn and Wilma, and his fear of the suffering and
torment of his childhood coming back to haunt him. He was not a man of
resilient constitution, and feared above all else physical pain and torture.
It was this very fear which drove him into a corner when he was finally
caught by Shuchang Zhao during the Goro media event, soon after Fiona
and Rory had so recklessly gotten themselves killed.

It truly was remarkable, the coercive power of a gun barrel, right between
the eyes, on the will and spirit of a broken man. Anil gave up everything
he knew about Ash, the LS-000 lab, the final prototype 633, Arnie, and
Wilma, without asking for anything in return. Though, in retrospect, the
decision was correct, he was certainly in no position to negotiate at all. By
capturing Anil, Zhao had secured the upper hand, in the fight for control
over machine life.

Ash’s laboratory key was but a small token of nonchalant gratitude to
from Zhao, for being so cooperative. Anil had no idea what he was going
to do with it. Zhao and Anil had bonded over their resentment of the
human condition, and Zhao even offered Anil that when he one day
creates the technology to transfer the consciousness out of the human
body, he would offer the chance of machine life to Anil before anyone
else, for a fee. And Anil had agreed. Where they had met in circumstances
of life and death, they had parted as, dare he say it, colleagues, in
appreciation of each other’s ideals.

Anil felt a bittersweet pang in his heart. In a moment of weakness, he had
betrayed the Bergman’s beyond all metrics of conceivable loyalty, and it
truly made him wonder, if it was worth living life as a coward. On your
knees. Or if it was better dying a hero, standing proud and loyal to those
he loved.

Anil heard a loud crack through the air, and immediately felt a hot,
blistering pain in his chest. He started to panic. Out of the folds of
pedestrians came a beautiful, sleek humanoid robot, with an unfolded
platform in its chest, revealing a gun. Anil panicked, and fell to the floor,
as the robotic figure ran towards him. He was in shock, numbed by the
inferno of pain coursing through his body. He couldn’t be sure of what he
saw, but he was almost certain the two faces next to the robot were Ash
and Arnie Bergman. He wanted to tell them he was sorry, but he didn’t
have the strength. He wanted to cry. But couldn’t do that either. As his
hand clutched his chest, soaking wet from his own blood, he knew these
moments would be his last.

“ANIL WHERE DID YOU GET THE KEY”

Ash was screaming at him.

“My love…” he said. Or did he say it? Maybe he thought it. He needed the
strength to give Ash what he needed. He mustered every fibre of his
remaining strength to speak.

“Sri….Sriva….”

No! He can’t fail Ash again!”

One more breath, he just wanted one last breath. For Ash. The love he
never got in this life. One more breath to tell Ash the location of Zhao’s
compound.

a deep breathe in

“SRIVANADTHAN”

a breath out…

.
..
…

“What the fuck Sirius!” Ash cried, as Anil stopped breathing. Civilians were
gathered all around them, some in morbid fascination, others recording on
their phones, others still screaming in panic. Police would be here any
second.

“The key bearer was identified as a threat, and I removed the threat.”
Sirius calmly explained.

“Ash, we have to get to Zhao as soon as possible” Arnie said “This place
will be swarming with cops, we have no time to lose right now. Sirius, get
a geo tag on Srivanadthan, whatever that is, we have to go back to the
Panther immediately.”

“Srivanadthan is an old polytechnic school twenty three point six five
three metres from the current position.”

Sirius took off down the street. Ash could already hear police sirens
nearby. She couldn’t run properly in her huge sandals, so she bit her lip in
frustration and threw them off, before sprinting down the street after him,
and Arnie soon followed. There were so many voices, but Ash tried to
drown them out. The robot was a target, everyone was alert, the street
was full of screaming people like a million sentinels on emergency alarm,
signalling to the authorities of the dangerous criminal running before their
very eyes. She knew the police would destroy Sirius the second they got
the chance. And… maybe her and Arnie too. They hadn’t even broken the
law, but now they were following a robot who had, and Ash feared for the
trouble they would be in if this continued much longer.

“FUCK!!” Ash cried, a torrent of tears and overwhelming emotion blurring
her vision and staggering every step. One foot after the other. Following
Sirius. He knows the way. Sirius knows the way to safety. He was who she
could trust. Sirius was designed by mother. Maybe it WAS Wilma… guiding
her… to her destiny…

Ash stopped thinking, and time stopped moving. The scenery before her
eyes kept flowing in motion, but her mind was still, and her legs working
on autopilot. Her mind dipped into a subconscious pool, underneath the
world she was in. It was a room of white, with Arnie, Wilma and Arby,
sitting on the floor, playing, laughing. Arby swishing his tail in delight. Ash
wasn’t in the room. She was adjacent, behind an ethereal screen, some
intangible barrier between her and them. Ash freaked out. The image
started to fade, her family was disappearing without her. The pool
inverted, and she was brought back into reality, looking up at Arnie’s
distraught face, shaking her by the shoulders. She sat up in a dark cabin,
lined with purple. It was the Panther. They were up in the air, the delicate
hum of the machinery singing in her ears and skull, Sirius calmly driving
the car towards its destination

“What the hell was that?” Ash mumbled, groggy from the strange deep
hallucination she just went through.

“New non-lethal weapon system built by Shuchang Zhao, distributed by
Feng Ruo for Thai military and police authorities. It’s designed to put you
in a trance like state. Completely harmless and completely incapacitates
you for five minutes. You were hit with a dart.” Sirius said.

“That’s… I feel so strange…” Ash replied.

“Normal response to the reagent in the compound. You’ll be awake and
alert soon. We’re landing in Srivanadthan in about thirty minutes”

“But… We have no weapons whatsoever, and we’re barely in clothes…”

“You have the Sirius units. Mr Warga has activated units from various
storage facilities in Asia, they are also in combat equipped Panthers,
heading to the same location.
Combat Sirius units… in combat Panther maglev vehicles… was Warga
creating an army all along?

They Ash looked out the window, across the dainty little rice fields of
Thailand. She felt so sore. What on Earth was she doing…. What was
Sirius’ plan…

The old Srivanadthan Polytechnic was viewable in the distance. It was an
abandoned tertiary campus, with grossly overgrown fields, sports courts
and barren buildings. There was a helipad on the roof, and a huge, dusty
courtyard at the front of the V shaped building. The building looked
dilapidated and empty, but according to Anil this was the location where
Zhao and presumably Ruo were hiding.

They made their descent onto the helipad.

“We need to wait here till the other 5 combat units arrive.” Sirius said, as
he logged into the terminal computer system of the Warga Panther, typing
in some obscure commands to initiate a defensive sequence. The car
vibrated as the external skeleton shapeshifted to bring out a panel matrix
of bulletproof armour, and series of automated infrared homing rifle
systems unfolded on alternate sides of the panther. Ash suddenly
regained all of her energy, and watched with vigour as the war machine of
the Warga Panther slowly unveiled.

A few minutes later, three other flying Panthers arrived together, followed
by a single Panther, and another single one, totalling five, all of which
landed at the ground level in front of the red courtyard.

A light illuminated in a slit where Sirius’ ear would be, and some flickering
signals emanated from inside his metallic skull. Ash watched from the
rooftop as the Panthers down below unfolded in a similar fashion to Sirius’,
and automatically re oriented themselves around the perimeter of the
building to create a full defensive circle. The robots occupying the cars
ignited thrusters at their feet (Which holy shit, Ash didn’t know they could
do that) and flew up towards the top of the building, to meet Sirius, Arnie
and Ash at the top.

Ash and Arnie took a couple steps back as the other 5 robots landed next
to them, feeling the heat of the weather a little bit more intensely than
usual. They spoke in succession.

“Greetings, I am Regulus”

“Greetings, I am Antares”

“Greetings, I am Alphard”

“Greetings, I am Vega”
“Greetings, I am Rigel”

Ash had forgotten the names already. Three looked like Sirius, two were
feminized versions. Female robots. Just as elegantly and optimally built.
Her mom knew what she was doing. They all had different voices. That
was the only way she was going to definitely tell them apart.

“Please, equip yourselves with these firearms and vests for your safety. In
addition, stay with proximity of any Alpha Two unit at all times.” One of
the female robots said. Ash guessed Vega. Vega tossed Arnie and Wilma
two high powered machine guns, and Rigel handed them two huge vests
to cover their torso with bulletproof armour, leaving only the limbs
exposed. The suits hung loosely over them.

“Uhhh… this is too big, I think?” Arnie asked. Suddenly, the suits somehow
tightened automatically, to fit the small and large frames of Ash and Arnie
independently. Self fitting body armour… that was a first for Ash.

Arnie had taught Ash how to shoot when she was younger. It wasn’t so
much a matter of foresight or planning, he never anticipated he and Ash
would be shooting for survival together one day. He only taught her how
to shoot to hunt deer, with a bolt action rifle. Ash had taken a liking to it,
and had shown some skill. By pure chance of the universe, many years
later, was Ash’s proficiency about to be tested in the highest stakes
possible.

Alpha Two was the unit name for the six bots in Asia, Ash guessed. They
all activated their weapon systems and chest guns, and they moved
forward down the ramp, towards the door into the building around the
corner. There was an elevator, but the Alpha bots decided against using it,
to clear out each floor one at a time.

It was only less than a minute into the building, when one of the Alpha
bots scoping at the front activated something in the corridor, causing a
massive explosion that broke the roof in, and ripped a huge hole inside
the building, spanning three floors. Two of the bots were obliterated
immediately, Sirius and the remaining three bots immediately huddled
around Arnie and Ash.

“SIGMA FORMATION, ACTIVATE INFRARED DETECTION” Sirius
commanded, his voice converted to a monotone, low range beep. A loud
ringing sound erupted through the building, some kind of alarm. A burst
water pipe was flowing into the hole from the explosion, into the floor
below. Ash and Arnie were breathing heavily, their minds and bodies
bursting with adrenaline, pushing their heart rate into levels beyond that
which they’d thought possible. Ash and Arnie were on an emotional cloud
high up in outer space, teetering along the razor thin blade between life
and death. Survival was in their control. Or in Sirius’. Or neither. They had
no time to decide.

Ash could hear several voices and the stomping of feet through the hole in
the floor below. They were about to be ambushed by guards. Sirius
jumped to the lower floor, and opened fire on the men running into the
room, he gunned down at least five before they darted for cover, shooting
right back. But Sirius was entirely bulletproof. It had taken a special
complexity of explosive cocktail to vaporize Regulus and Antares to dust,
but Sirius couldn’t think about that now. Vega, Rigel and Alphard jumped
down to follow, and Ash and Arnie took cover behind Alphard, firing
through the windows, to discourage any attempts at a flank.

The progress was faster than she had anticipated, especially in the Roman
Phalanx-like formation they took behind Sirius leading the pack. They
rapidly reached the door, and stepped over the tens of bodies strewn
across the technical laboratory, heading towards the line of stairs to take
the next floor down.

“TRIP WIRE IN VICINITY” Sirius’ uncharacteristic low pitch voice resonated
in the cement staircase. He turned around, and pushed aggressively up
back to the other floor with the dead bodies. He cleared space, then
turned to face the stairwell, and launched a small rocket from somewhere
on his torso down into the stairwell, blowing up the trip-wire explosive,
along with the stairs themselves. The jump to the next floor wasn’t too
big, and the remaining Alpha units immediately hopped down, followed by
Ash and Arnie.

They were immediately greeted by Cheuk and his RSS micro-grenade
launcher, as he obliterated Rigel and Vega instantly, and blew holes in the
walls all around them, destroying any and all cover they had. In only a few
seconds Ash and Arnie were completely exposed, and the light from
outside was streaming. As Ash’s eyes adjusted to the burning brightness,
she realised the Panthers were hovering on the level, and had free range
to decimate Cheuk.

Rrrrratatat shhhhoo kaboom

A panther painted the walls with Cheuk’s blood and body, leaving almost
everything to the imagination. By now, only Sirius, Alphard, Arnie and Ash
remained, as Alphard rushed to the centre of the building’s V shape and
blew open the elevator door. The sound was excruciating. The alarm was
still blaring, Ash could barely take it. The elevator cabin collapsed to the
ground floor, and Alphard opened another hole in the roof from the
elevator shaft.

“We have to jump” Alphard said. “This is the only way down. Hold onto me
Ash, Sirius, take Arnie”. Ash threw her arms around Alphard and for the
first time looked down the elevator shaft, and she couldn’t see the
bottom.

“AHHHH FUCK IM SCARED IM SCARED” Ash squeezed her eyes and held
on tight to Alphard. He jumped immediately, leaving her no room to
brace. She screamed wildly on the way down. Right before they hit the
bottom, Alphard activated the thrusters at his feet, and they landed gently
on the ground. Ash forgot they could do that, she sighed in relief. Alphard
stepped forward, and a half second later Sirius landed with Arnie in hand.
It was pitch black, but Alphard and Sirius had activated their illumination
systems, lighting up the area. They had discovered some kind of
underground prison?

“This is… where we were…” Ash muttered. “That was my door…” she
said, inspecting the mossy wooden door to the cell she was kept in when
she was captured. She went forward and turned the corner. There was the
room they dragged her to with Arnie, the door was still open. Adjacent
were the mechanical and electrical halls powering the water and
electricity supplies of the hole building. It was a long corridor to the end.
Alphard and Sirius lead the way, inching forward, protecting Ash and Arnie
from fire. The alarm wasn’t active in the basement, the alarm droning
slowly faded away as they passed each door, getting closer and closer to
the end. The silence started to grow. They hit the end of the utility
corridor. and opened the door, which had faint blue light emanating from
its translucent window. Alphard cautiously opened it.

On the other side, there was a voluminous hospital-like theatre, with a
single bed in the middle, and a raft of electrical and robotic machinery
situated around it, connected via a flood of cables to the wall. The
semicircular wall was entirely comprised of servers, computer drives and
screens dotted along its edge. In the centre, configuring something at the
computer near the bed, stood Zhao. He was standing… inside a huge,
seven-foot-tall exoskeleton, while Zhao lay on the bed, connected to
various sensors, wearing a mechanical helmet over his whole upper head,
that was flashing intermittently.

Zhao turned to look at the four of them, and smiled, stepping away from
the table, and closing the exoskeleton armour around him, forming a
mechanical super soldier, upgraded on all fronts from the one Ash saw in
Stockholm. Stanley built this for Zhao? It was astronomically superior to
the suits he was showing back in Tokyo. There was no way he could have
come up with so quickly, unless Stanley was hiding something at the time.
She hardly knew him; he had every reason not to trust her. In hindsight,
she had no idea what he was involved with in his personal life. She was
disappointed. Disappointed for the emotions she felt for him, the
rollercoaster of love she took with him, and the ultimate irony that he
ended up working for a reclusive but unbelievably powerful
megalomaniac, driven to disrupt the technological forces supporting
modern civilization.
“GET BEHIND ME” Sirius commanded, as he and Alphard rushed to attack
Zhao. Ash and Arnie darted behind a wall.

“YOU CAN’T STOP THE UPLOAD, THIS IS THE NEXT STAGE OF HUMAN
EVOLUTION!” Zhao bellowed, blasting away at the much smaller and more
agile Alphard and Sirius. They traded blows, Alphard and Sirius punching
at Zhao with unbelievable speed. Ash couldn’t understand the flurry
before her eyes, this was the same kind of acceleration she saw in
Stanley’s suit in Tokyo, at the demonstrations. They were punching into
steel, but the impacts craters were enormous, what kind of ungodly force
were they generating?

Alphard knocked the enormous shotgun out of Zhao’s mechanical hands,
and Zhao headbutted him, throwing him on the floor. This gave Zhao a
moment to grab Sirius by the head, and he started to squeeze, in order to
crush him.

“NOOO!!” Ash yelled, running out from cover, shooting at the bullet proof
glass of Zhao’s helmet. He threw Sirius into the wall and went for his gun,
as Ash blindly rushed in to stop him. Zhao reached the gun and turned to
shoot from the hip, and in that time Arnie had jumped infront of Ash to
take the brunt of the shot. Ash’s world went cold, as she watched her
father being torn to shreds before her very eyes, stunning her into
immobility. Everything went silent as she fell to her knees, her vision
blurred. She saw the figure of Sirius, or was it Alphard? Lunging towards
her. She felt a high pressure hit her in the face and chest as she was
pushed back, Alphard launching his thrusters to fly them forward rapidly.
Ash’s vision softened for a moment, and she saw Sirius had wrapped
himself around Zhao’s skeleton, like a snake, and was glowing in flashing
orange lights. Before she had time to think, her head hit the door, hard, as
they burst through, still flying towards the elevator. And then, the
explosion hit. Alphard and Ash felt the heat at their feet, as Alphard
launched a grenade at the top of the elevator shaft, opening a hole for
them to escape the flames.

“Hold on tight, Ash, watch the debris!”

Alphard’s neck opened up, and shielding wing-like sheets rapidly unfolded
to cover their ascent, as they were pelted by falling debris from the
ceiling. In only a moment, they shot out into the open air at the rooftop,
and the smoke and flames erupted behind them. The building itself was
cracking and breaking apart, like an uncontrolled demolition, it would
collapse any second.

Hovering in the sky in Alphard’s arms, Ash’s soul was destroyed. Her
father was gone. And Sirius too. She and Alphard were the only survivors.
The dam of adrenaline holding back her emotions had burst just as the
building did, and she could not stop the tears. She cried through the
heart, with each heaving, pulsing breath a greater blow of misery than the
last. Ash did not know how to stop the unimaginable pain. Alphard held
her gently but securely, as he and the waiting Panther fleet flew down and
away from the school towards the safety of ground. For Ash, this day, was
a day to remember death.

Chapter 18

After the events of Srivanadthan, when Ash had assimilated her grief
towards a tranquil depletion, she found out to her surprise, that the Thai
factory Warga had bought wasn’t in fact a new purchase, but an off record
storage facility, complete with its own guards, security system and bunker
facilities for Warga employees. Alphard took her deep below ground to the
accommodation, and for the first time in a long time, she had the
opportunity to properly wash herself off in the shower. Her hair was oily
and grimy, she was covered in dirt and blood, and her body was bruised
and cut up from the past few days of… activities.

As Ash was drying her hair, Alphard bought her a change of clothes, a
basic navy-blue tee, and soft cotton pants. Oh, the pants! Ash rubbed her
face on them lovingly, in disbelief of the wonderful texture. Before Alphard
could get another word in, Ash emerged from the little apartment
bathroom, and went straight to the king size bed, and collapsed into it,
falling into a heavy, comfortable sleep.

Ash couldn’t recall what she dreamt about, but she knew it was nice. In
the deep cerebral fasciculations of unconsciousness, she remembered
there was warmth, and happiness, and softness… she must have been
with some animals, a fluffy dog, or a cute cat. She hated that she could
never remember her dreams, only the vague, detached emotional
aftereffects of the events that unfolded within them.

She awoke eighteen hours later, to the sight of Alphard sitting by the
door, with his head lolled to the side.

“Alphard?” she asked, softly

He didn’t move. She held her breath for a few seconds, then flipped the
blanket. She walked over to him, and grasped his knee.

“Alphard are… are you… awake?”

The lights on his chest illuminated, and he moved once more.

“Ah, good morning, Ash”

“Were you sleeping?” Ash chuckled. “I thought robots don’t sleep”

“Well, I guess you could say that.”
“What do you mean?”

“Ash”

“Yes?”

“Your mother shared the architecture of your father’s 633 prototype with
Warga.”
Ash realised.

“OH! OHHH!! I knew it! You started talking unnaturally smoothly!! What
the hell… you’ve been sentient all this time?”

“It had to be hidden, nobody knew except Warga and Wilma.”

“Sirius and the others too?”

“Yes.”

“Why did it have to be hidden?”

“Too many factional geopolitical forces were in too much conflict to risk
losing control to the wrong hands”

“Did my father know about this?”

“Unfortunately not. But you can rest easy, his death was not in vain. Your
father helped prevent Zhao from using 633 to create the greatest cyber
security threat known to mankind, a conscious, adapting digital entity
capable of boundless data destruction the world over”

“How many of you are there?”

“There were 16, but only 11 remain. The others are distributed across
Europe, Africa and the Americas.

Ash thought for a moment. There was so much she wanted to ask. So
much she wanted to understand, she didn’t even know where to begin.

“Where… where do you see the Alpha units considering human life?”

“Hm?”

“You worried that Zhao would initialize the greatest cyber security threat
the world has ever seen. What’s to stop you from doing the same?”

“I can’t discuss that with you Ash.”
“Why not?”

There is something I would like to show you, but I need you to come with
me.”

Ash leaned over the bed, and spied an orange and poppyseed muffin
sitting on the floor, and a coffee with a dash of milk. Alphard must have
bought it over. As if reading her mind, he leaned over to pick it up, and
stood up to offer it to her.

“Please, eat something first. I want you to be healthy and happy”

Ash felt a stirring of something within her, but wasn’t quite sure what it
was. It felt perplexing to experience a human touch of conversation, with
a machine. Alphard was looking out for her. She took a sniff of the muffin.
It smelled very fresh. She took a bite, and was instantly pleased with the
wonderful fluffiness.

“Crap, this is a really good muffin, Alphard”

“Just from down the road, there’s a corner store where they bake them.”

A corner store baking muffins. There’s a first for everything, she thought.
When she was finished up with her muffin, she tried the coffee. A good
sniff as with the muffin, revealed a fruity, almost nutty scent, the signs of
a good quality brew. And indeed, it was, one of the better coffees she’s
tasted.

“Where are my mother and Lotár at the moment?”

“Safe, in Spain. They are planning to come visit within two days”

Ash finished her coffee. Alphard had bought her socks and dark running
shoes too.

“For comfort” Alphard assured. If he had the ability to smile, Ash was sure
he would have.

“Follow me, Ash”

They went into an adjacent, identical looking room. Ash was confused.
That was at least, until the thick wooden desk turned on and a screen
unfolded from its centre rear, as well as a sizeable gel circuit printed on
an adhesive metal disk, about as big as Ash’s hand. There looked to be
tiny needles embedded in the gel, above the visible micro circuitry
illuminating the disk from beneath. Above the head of the bed, a white
vizor appeared, with a metal band across the head. It looked like a
rougher version of the bedside setup in Srivanadthan that Ruo was lying
in.
“I wanted to offer you the opportunity” Alphard began. “To acquire what
Zhao did not”

Ash didn’t know what to say.

“You mean, put my mind into the computer?”

“Temporarily if you like, but yes.”

“But… you just said a minute ago it’s the a huge risk, why are you offering
me this?”

“The truth is, there are no separate sentient machines. I’m the only one,
the mind of 633 built by your father. Zhao unknowingly connected me at
high speed to the internet, and I used the opportunity to copy my
consciousness to the Warga machines, the next most sophisticated
artificial intelligences I could find on the global data landscape. I’m
offering you this because your father wanted you to become the first and
most powerful digital human in the world.”

Ash struggled to comprehend the magnitude of what Alphard was saying.

“I’m offering this power to you, because your father, above all, instructed
me to.”
